URL: https://www.courmayeurmontblanc.it/en/opening-of-the-courmayeur-mont-blanc-ski-area/
TITLE: Opening of the Courmayeur Mont Blanc Ski Area - CourmayeurMontBlanc
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:27:22.144Z

Eng

24 November, 2025

Opening of the Courmayeur Mont Blanc Ski Area

From Saturday 29 November to Monday 6 April

We are pleased to announce the start of the winter season on Saturday 29 November, with a partial opening of the ski area accessible via the Dolonne Gondola and the Courmayeur Cable Car.

Please refer to the official website for updates regarding the opening of lifts and slopes, which will be published in the days leading up to the start of the season.
The promotional rate for the day pass is set at €50.00.

Discover more

A place above ordinary

CONTACTS

+39 0165 841612

info@courmayeurmontblanc.it

SUBSCRIBE TO THE NEWSLETTER

 Join the MICE list
 Join the TOUROPERATOR list
 The data will be processed in accordance with current legislation on the protection of personal data
Privacy Policy | Update cookie preferences
×
Notice

We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for measurement and “marketing (personalised ads)” as specified in the cookie policy.

With respect to advertising, we and 1223 selected third parties, may use precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning in order to store and/or access information on a device and process personal data like your usage data for the following advertising purposes: personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.

You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. If you give consent, it will be valid only in this domain. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.

Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.

Learn more and customise
Reject
Accept
