URL: https://www.jacksonhole.com/ski-and-snowboard-rentals
TITLE: Ski and Snowboard Rentals - Jackson Hole Mountain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:33:01.337Z

Skip to Main Content
Season Pass Prices Increase Oct 10. Buy Now.
06
DAYS
04
HOURS
26
MINUTES
58
SECONDS
Plan Your Trip
Buy Now
The Mountain
Events & Media
REPORT
CAMS
MAPS
LOGIN
OPEN
58° SUMMIT

Lift Tickets

Deals on every day of the season

SAVE NOW

$500 Air Credit

Save on direct flights from major cities

SAVE NOW

Season Pass

Prices increase Oct 10

SAVE NOW

Deals & Packages

Save on lift tickets, lodging, airfare & more

SAVE NOW
Deals
SEASON PASS
LIFT TICKETS
LODGING
LESSONS
SKI RENTALS
FAMILY FUN
Ski & Snowboard Rentals
Pick up your gear at any of our 3 rental locations in Jackson or Teton Village, or skip the trip and have it delivered straight to your door!

Why Rent with Jackson Hole?

Whether you’re renting for a day or all season long, Jackson Hole’s got you covered. Rent everything you need, including skis, snowboards, snowshoes, apparel like ski jackets and ski pants, and equipment like ski poles and snowshoes. To streamline the pick-up process, guests can purchase equipment online and pick it up anytime after 3 pm the day before. Alternatively, utilize our ski rental delivery service, JH Ski Delivery, for ski and snowboard rental delivery to your doorstep.

Enjoy the flexibility to drop off or exchange rental equipment at any of our rental locations!

Get a 15% ski rental discount when you book online today.*
*Blackout Dates: Dec. 19, 2025 - Jan. 4, 2026 & Feb. 13 - 22, 2026

RENT NOW AND SAVE 15%

What is the Gold Standard?

Across Jackson Hole, our rental experts share one mission: to make your days on snow effortless and fun. Teton Village Sports, JH Sports, Hoback Sports and JH Ski Delivery together are united under Gold Standard Rentals, the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort-owned and operated rental network designed to give you the best and most flexible rental experience in the valley.

Look for the Gold Standard Rentals badge to unlock benefits like:

The largest selection of top ski & snowboard brands in Jackson Hole
Exchange or return your gear at any JHMR-owned shop  in the Village or in town
Overnight gear storage at any base-area location
Complimentary performance tune added to your rental package
Save time: Pick up your lift tickets with your rentals
1
JH Ski Delivery
2
JH Sports
3
Teton Village Sports
4
Hoback Sports
5
Kids Ranch
01
JH Ski Delivery

We specialize in bringing our high-end rental fleet of snowboard and ski rentals to your door with the added benefit of access to our rental shops. We deliver your skis and snowboards to your door for FREE.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT JH SKI DELIVERY
02
JH Sports

Located at the base of the Bridger Gondola and adjacent to the beginner friendly, Tweewinot lift, JH Sports has a huge ski and snowboard rental fleet. In addition to rentals, JH Sports is a full-service ski and snowboard tune shop, offering the latest in outdoor gear and JH Logo merchandise.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT JH SPORTS
03
Teton Village Sports

Teton Village Sports has been supporting customers of Jackson Hole from the base of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort. Visitors and locals alike patronize Teton Village Sports because we offer high-quality service and gear, precision turning and a large fleet of ski rental and demo equipment.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT TETON VILLAGE SPORTS
04
Hoback Sports

Hoback Sports is a full-service ski shop, located conveniently in the town of Jackson. In addition to ski rentals and snowboard rentals, Hoback Sports also offers rentals on fat bikes and ski and bike tuning.

LEARN MORE
ABOUT HOBACK SPORTS
05
Kids Ranch

Pick up your ski rentals at JH JR in the Kids Ranch - the same building where Pioneer and Rough Rider lessons meet.

BOOK NOW
ABOUT KIDS RANCH
JH Sports

Located at the base of the Bridger Gondola
Rent ski pants, ski jackets, and ski apparel 
Gear for all ability levels
Full-service ski and snowboard shop, including tunes and wax
Premium Demo and Base ski rentals 

Located at the base of the Bridger Gondola, JH Sports has a huge rental fleet and is located adjacent to the Gondola and the beginner-friendly Teewinot lift. In addition to snowboard and ski rentals JH Sports is a full-service ski/snowboard & retail shop offering the latest in outdoor fashion, gear and Jackson Hole logo merchandise. Come talk to the gear professionals at JH Sports for all your Jackson Hole ski rental needs.

Base skis/boards are all mountain equipment designed for beginner and intermediate skiers/riders.

Premium Demo skis/boards are a sampling of the top-of-the-line skis/boards designed for all ability levels and all snow conditions in mind.

Premium Demo Fleet: Skis: Rossignol, Atomic, Salomon, Armada, K2, Dynastar.  Snowboards: Arbor, Burton, Capita, Jones, Lib Tech, GNU, Salomon, Never Summer, K2, Korua, YES.

Enjoy the flexibility to pick up or exchange rental equipment at any of our rental locations!

Enjoy the flexibility to pick up or exchange rental equipment at any of our rental locations!

Get a 15% ski rental discount when you book online today.*
*Blackout Dates: Dec. 19, 2025 - Jan. 4, 2026 & Feb. 13 - 22, 2026

MORE INFO

8 AM - 5 PM
Base of the Bridger Gondola
Teton Village, WY
307-739-2649

Teton Village Sports

Premium Demo and Base ski/board rentals 
Precision tuning
Located in Teton Village

For fifty years, Teton Village Sports has been supporting the customers of Jackson Hole from the base of the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort. Visitors and locals alike patronize Teton Village Sports because we offer high-quality service, the best clothing and gear, precision tuning, and a large fleet of ski and snowboard rental equipment. Come talk to the gear professionals at TVS for all your Jackson Hole ski rental needs.

Base skis/boards are all mountain equipment designed for beginner and intermediate skiers/riders.

Premium Demo skis/boards are a sampling of the top-of-the-line skis/boards designed for all ability levels and all snow conditions in mind.

Premium Demo Rental Fleet: Skis: Blizzard, Black Crows, Nordica, Rossignol, Salomon, Volkl, Faction. Snowboards: Never Summer, Lib Tech

Enjoy the flexibility to pick up or exchange rental equipment at any of our rental locations!

Get a 15% ski rental discount when you book online today.*
*Blackout Dates: Dec. 19, 2025 - Jan. 4, 2026 & Feb. 13 - 22, 2026

MORE INFO

8 AM - 5 PM
Crystal Springs Building
Teton Village, WY
307-733-2181

Hoback Sports

Located in Jackson
Accessible via START bus
Ski and bike tuning
Premium Demo and Base ski/board rentals 

Hoback Sports is a full-service ski shop, conveniently located in the town of Jackson. If you are staying in town, Hoback Sports is the most convenient place to get set up with all of your skiing and riding needs, including touring skis and snowboards. Hoback Sports also offers rentals on fat bikes and ski and bike tuning. Riding the START bus? There is a bus stop right outside our door. Come talk to the gear professionals at Hoback Sports for all your Jackson ski rental needs.

Base skis/boards are all mountain equipment designed for beginner and intermediate skiers/riders.

Premium Demo skis/boards are a sampling of the top-of-the-line skis/boards designed for all ability levels and all snow conditions in mind.

Premium Demo Fleet: Skis: Armada, Atomic, Black Crows, Blizzard, Nordica. Snowboards: Arbor, Jones, Burton, Lib Tech, GNU

Enjoy the flexibility to pick up or exchange rental equipment at any of our rental locations!

Get a 15% ski rental discount when you book online today.*
*Blackout Dates: Dec. 19, 2025 - Jan. 4, 2026 & Feb. 13 - 22, 2026

MORE INFO

10 AM - 6 PM
520 W. Broadway Ave #3
Jackson, WY
307-733-5335

Kids Ski and Snowboard Rentals

If you have a Pioneer Lesson (ages 3-4) and/or Rough Rider Lesson (ages 5-7), pick up your ski rentals at the JH Junior rental shop in the Kids Ranch before lesson check-in.

Base skis/boards are all-mountain equipment designed for beginner and intermediate skiers/riders. (Only base junior equipment is available for rent at the Kids Ranch, Premium Demo gear is not offered.)

Enjoy the flexibility to pick up or exchange rental equipment at any of our rental locations!

9am - 5pm
3345 Cody Ln
Next to the Bridger Gondola
Teton Village, WY
307-739-2788

JH Ski Delivery

Free Ski & Snowboard Rental Delivery

JH Ski Delivery is the official delivery service of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort. We specialize in bringing our high-end rental fleet of skis and snowboards to your door with the added benefit of access to our rental shops. We deliver your skis and snowboard to your door; if you wish to switch your skis, boards or boots for something different, just stop by one of our on-mountain shops.

Premium Demo Fleet: Atomic, Black Crow, Blizzard, K2, Nordica, Rossignol, Salomon and Volkl. Specific snowboards available upon request.

MORE INFO

We deliver to your door!

Casper Demo Tent

Casper Restaurant | Top of Sweetwater Gondola

9 am - 3:30 pm

Closed

$15/hr | $10/hr for season pass holders

Looking for a new pair of sticks? Head up the Sweetwater Gondola and check out the demo tent at Casper Restaurant. For only $15/hr ($10/hr for season pass holders) try out as many skis as your legs can handle and find the perfect tools for your days on the mountain. 

Ski Lockers

Looking for a safe place to put your bag during the day on the hill or store your skis at night? If so, Jackson Hole Mountain Resort has you covered with several gear locker and storage options.
MORE INFO
Mammut Ski Apparel Rentals

Jackson Hole Mountain Resort proudly partners with Mammut, renowned for its commitment to quality and performance in mountain sports. Mammut's outerwear features their proprietary 3-layer DRY Technology™, a PFAS-free laminate that provides exceptional waterproof and breathable protection. Designed for serious adventurers, these garments are rigorously tested in extreme conditions, ensuring you stay comfortable and dry whether you're skiing on trail, in powder, or in the backcountry. With a focus on mobility and durability, Mammut outerwear is the top choice for those seeking reliable performance.

Mammut items are available for rent at JH Sports, located in the Bridger Center, and at Hoback Sports in the town of Jackson.

MORE INFO
Stay up on the latest news, deals and snow alerts
Enter Your Email Address
SIGN UP
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Stay Connected
1-888-DEEP-SNO  |  1-307-733-2292
About JHMR
Contact Us
Environment
Employment
Safety
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Winter FAQs
Update Preferences
Get the App

Download JH Insider for your personalized stats, mountain information, weather, and more!

Android
|
Apple
Our Partners

U.S. Forest Service.

Nature Valley exists to connect people to the energy they get from nature, and Jackson Hole is the perfect place to experience the outdoors!

The Coca-Cola Company is the official drink partner of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort and is proud to keep JHMR visitors refreshed with a variety of beverages all season long.

Official uniform sponsor of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort.

©2026 Jackson Hole Mountain Resort

This website employs non-essential third-party automated data tracking technologies ("technologies"), such as cookies, to optimize your browsing experience for the purposes of personalizing and measuring the effectiveness of ads, as further described in our Privacy Policy. To reject our use of these technologies, please click "Reject All." To further customize your preferences, please click "Manage." Without making further choices, you agree to our use of the technologies. By continuing to our Website, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.
Manage
Allow All
