URL: https://www.jacksonhole.com/ski-clothes-rentals
TITLE: Mammut Outerwear Rentals - Jackson Hole Mountain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:33:11.530Z

Skip to Main Content
Season Pass Prices Increase Oct 10. Buy Now.
06
DAYS
04
HOURS
26
MINUTES
47
SECONDS
Plan Your Trip
Buy Now
The Mountain
Events & Media
REPORT
CAMS
MAPS
LOGIN
OPEN
58° SUMMIT

Lift Tickets

Deals on every day of the season

SAVE NOW

$500 Air Credit

Save on direct flights from major cities

SAVE NOW

Season Pass

Prices increase Oct 10

SAVE NOW

Deals & Packages

Save on lift tickets, lodging, airfare & more

SAVE NOW
Deals
SEASON PASS
LIFT TICKETS
LODGING
LESSONS
SKI RENTALS
FAMILY FUN
Home /Ski & Snowboard Rentals /Mammut Outerwear Rentals
Mammut Outerwear Rentals
Rent Your Gear. Own The Experience

Jackson Hole Mountain Resort proudly partners with Mammut, a brand known for its top-tier performance in mountain sports. Mammut's outerwear features their advanced 3-layer DRY Technology™, a PFAS-free laminate offering superior waterproofing and breathability. Built for serious adventurers, these garments are rigorously tested in extreme conditions to keep you comfortable and dry, whether you're skiing on-trail, in powder, or exploring the backcountry. Designed for both mobility and durability, Mammut outerwear is the go-to choice for reliable performance.

You can rent Mammut gear at JH Sports in the Bridger Center or at Hoback Sports in Jackson.

How to Dress

Starting your day with the right layers will save you from shedding clothes or wishing you had worn more. 

Your first layer or base layer should be a breathable next-to-skin piece that wicks moisture away from your skin, eliminating that cold, clammy feeling while keeping you from getting cold. The right choice here is either synthetic or merino wool. Avoid cotton or flannel.

Your next layer is an insulating mid-layer to provide core warmth: A midweight fleece or lightly insulated jacket/vest works great for extra cold days. The final layer is the most important as it protects you from the elements. Mammut jackets & pants deliver waterproof, windproof, and breathable protection and comfort for a full day on the mountain. You may not be able to control the conditions, but you can control the clothes you wear!

Stay up on the latest news, deals and snow alerts
Enter Your Email Address
SIGN UP
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Stay Connected
1-888-DEEP-SNO  |  1-307-733-2292
About JHMR
Contact Us
Environment
Employment
Safety
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Winter FAQs
Update Preferences
Get the App

Download JH Insider for your personalized stats, mountain information, weather, and more!

Android
|
Apple
Our Partners

U.S. Forest Service.

Nature Valley exists to connect people to the energy they get from nature, and Jackson Hole is the perfect place to experience the outdoors!

The Coca-Cola Company is the official drink partner of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort and is proud to keep JHMR visitors refreshed with a variety of beverages all season long.

Official uniform sponsor of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort.

©2026 Jackson Hole Mountain Resort

This website employs non-essential third-party automated data tracking technologies ("technologies"), such as cookies, to optimize your browsing experience for the purposes of personalizing and measuring the effectiveness of ads, as further described in our Privacy Policy. To reject our use of these technologies, please click "Reject All." To further customize your preferences, please click "Manage." Without making further choices, you agree to our use of the technologies. By continuing to our Website, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.
Manage
Allow All
