URL: https://www.jacksonhole.com/blog/how-to-buy-lift-tickets
TITLE: How to Buy a Lift Pass - Jackson Hole Mountain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:33:16.018Z

Skip to Main Content
Season Pass Prices Increase Oct 10. Buy Now.
06
DAYS
04
HOURS
26
MINUTES
43
SECONDS
Plan Your Trip
Buy Now
The Mountain
Events & Media
REPORT
CAMS
MAPS
LOGIN
OPEN
58° SUMMIT

Lift Tickets

Deals on every day of the season

SAVE NOW

$500 Air Credit

Save on direct flights from major cities

SAVE NOW

Season Pass

Prices increase Oct 10

SAVE NOW

Deals & Packages

Save on lift tickets, lodging, airfare & more

SAVE NOW
Deals
SEASON PASS
LIFT TICKETS
LODGING
LESSONS
SKI RENTALS
FAMILY FUN
How to Buy a Lift Pass
Self-service pickup kiosks help get you on-snow quickly!
NATE BERENSON
 ON 10/17/2024

Purchasing lift tickets is an easy, seamless process designed to get you on snow quickly. Jackson Hole limits daily lift ticket capacity throughout the winter, ensuring less time waiting in lift lines and more time enjoying your ski trip. As such, planning ahead is paramount so you can ski or ride on the days you desire. Follow this step-by-step guide to getting your lift tickets.

Go to our Lift Ticket page. Save up to 10% when you purchase 14+ days in advance.
Click "Buy Now"; you’ll be redirected to our online store.
Simply select your desired age, number of on-snow days, and your dates. Here you can see Jackson Hole Mountain Resort ski ticket prices and availability.
Once you select your day, you’ll be prompted to add your lift ticket(s) to your cart.
Complete your purchase and save your confirmation email for when you get to Jackson Hole.
Skip the Jackson Hole Ticketing Office! We've installed automated Lift Ticket Pick-Up Boxes to pick up pre-purchased tickets at the following locations:
Outside the Tickets & Guest Services building in Teton Village (24/7)
Inside the Tickets & Guest Services building in Teton Village (9am - 5pm (4pm on Sat., Closed Sun.)
Outside the Mountain Sports School building in Teton Village (24/7)
Inside the Bridger Center at JH Sports Rentals in Teton Village (9am - 5pm)
Inside Teton Village Sports in Teton Village (10am - 5pm)
Inside Hoback Sports in the Town of Jackson (10am - 6pm)

Scan the QR code from your online order confirmation email to receive your J Card (lift ticket) at the pick-up box. Lift tickets will not be mailed.

It’s that easy. Peace of mind is paramount when you visit Jackson Hole and we hope this helps get you on the slopes in the most efficient manner.

How to Get Discount Lift Tickets

There are so many ways to save money on lift tickets at Jackson Hole! First, the earlier you book, the better; you can automatically save up to 10% when you purchase 14+ days ahead of time. It’s always good to book early because we often sell out during peak season– like the holidays, weekends, and spring break—so secure your stoke in advance.

Second, weekdays are almost always cheaper than weekend skiing. You can check prices ahead of time on our lift ticket calendar. Half-day ski passes are also a more affordable option.

If you plan to ski multiple times this season, consider purchasing a season pass. These pay for themselves with just a handful of visits. We have special discounts for Youth, Seniors, and College Students, but act fast because these sell out quickly!

We now offer a beginner lift ticket that just includes access to the smaller slopes and bunny hills. If you’re just learning to ski or snowboard, this is a very economical option.

If you already have a season pass to ANY resort (including an Ikon, Mountain Collective, or Epic pass) you are eligible for a Golden Ticket, which gets you a 50% discount at Jackson Hole.

Finally, if you’re a current or former member of our military, we want to thank you by giving you 40% off lift tickets! You can book online through the Military Lift Tickets portal.

How to ski if full-day tickets are sold out
If lift tickets are sold out on the day(s) you want, we may have 1/2 day tickets available—lift access begins at noon. Select "1/2 day" in the "Number of Days" dropdown box on the online store to see availability. 1/2 day tickets may also sell out.
Sign up for a ski or snowboard lesson through our Mountain Sports School. Please call 877-482-1466 and have your order number confirming your lesson purchase ready when calling, to secure lift tickets for sold-out dates.
Change the dates or duration you are looking to ski. It’s possible that only some of your desired days are sold out. Changing the start date or the number of ski days may allow you to reserve some of your dates.
More resources

For more information regarding military discounts and Ikon & Mountain Collective reservations, visit our Lift Tickets page. Reservations are required for all multi-resort pass holders. To help manage capacity and offer the best guest experience, we require lift reservations for all Ikon Pass and Mountain Collective pass holders.

Golden Ticket
50% Off Lift Tickets

Skiers and snowboarders who own a valid 2026-27 winter resort season pass ANYWHERE in the world can enjoy lift ticket discounts when traveling to Jackson Hole. Valid Winter 2026/27: Nov. 27 to Dec. 11; Jan. 4 to Jan. 15; Mar. 22 to Apr. 11.

Season Pass

Prices increase Oct 10th. Buy Now.

SAVE NOW
Lift Tickets

Deals on every day of the season.

SAVE NOW
From The Blog
Why Does Jackson Hole Get So Much Snow?

Teton Flow dives into the meteorological and geographical factors and explores why the Tetons receive such consistent, lightweight powder snow in this fascinating examination of our home range. Watch now!

Learn How to Ski

Mountain Sports School (MSS) is here to help you have your best day on the mountain whether that looks like getting first tracks down Rendezvous Bowl or putting on skis for the very first time. MSS offers a variety of different lessons, guides, and camps to help you customize your perfect experience on the slopes.

How to Stay Warm in Jackson Hole

Winters in Jackson Hole can be cold, but that doesn’t have to freeze your vacation plans.

Keep your plans intact with winter-ready retail and dining options at Jackson Hole Mountain Resort. With plenty of ways to stay warm, JHMR is ready to help you make the most of chilly temperatures.

We’ve outlined the best ways you can stay warm this week:

SCROLL RIGHT
SCROLL LEFT
Stay up on the latest news, deals and snow alerts
Enter Your Email Address
SIGN UP
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Stay Connected
1-888-DEEP-SNO  |  1-307-733-2292
About JHMR
Contact Us
Environment
Employment
Safety
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Winter FAQs
Update Preferences
Get the App

Download JH Insider for your personalized stats, mountain information, weather, and more!

Android
|
Apple
Our Partners

U.S. Forest Service.

Nature Valley exists to connect people to the energy they get from nature, and Jackson Hole is the perfect place to experience the outdoors!

The Coca-Cola Company is the official drink partner of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort and is proud to keep JHMR visitors refreshed with a variety of beverages all season long.

Official uniform sponsor of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort.

©2026 Jackson Hole Mountain Resort

This website employs non-essential third-party automated data tracking technologies ("technologies"), such as cookies, to optimize your browsing experience for the purposes of personalizing and measuring the effectiveness of ads, as further described in our Privacy Policy. To reject our use of these technologies, please click "Reject All." To further customize your preferences, please click "Manage." Without making further choices, you agree to our use of the technologies. By continuing to our Website, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.
Manage
Allow All
