URL: https://www.seeverbier.com/lifts/dates
TITLE: Season Dates in Verbier
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:48:16.978Z

Skip to main content
SEEVERBIER
ABOUT
STAY
SKI
ADVENTURE
Webcams
News
Events
Lifts
Season
Snow
Holiday Rentals
Chalets
Hotels
Ski Hire
Ski Pass Guide
Ski Lessons
Activities & Trips
Airport Transfers
Property For Sale

© Bruce Macalpine

Season Dates in Verbier

Discover the latest Verbier lift opening and closing dates

Location
 Verbier
Imprint
Updated 8 April 2026

The extensive Verbier and Quatre Vallées lift network is open both summer and winter.

Situated in Switzerland this high-end resort is a glamorous winter playground that offers the rich and famous from across the globe superb skiing in winter and alpine activities in summer.

Lift Area	Opening	Closing
Verbier area	5 December 2026	25 April 2027
Ski season dates in Verbier 2026 - 2027
Lift area	Opening	Closing
Verbier area	27 June	25 October
Summer season dates in Verbier 2026
Jump to
Winter ski season dates
Summer season dates
Winter ski season dates in Verbier
When can you ski in Verbier?

Weather and snow conditions permitting, you can usually ski in Verbier from December to April using the lift system. Naturally, the season can be extended, typically with weekend openings in November or by ski-touring or hiking yourself up!

Verbier area is generally only open at weekends in November depending on snow conditions. Season start and end dates may vary slightly as they are dependent on snow conditions. There may be a reduced ski area in operation if snow cover is insufficient or due to early/late season ramp up/down.

Lift area	Opening	Closing
Verbier area	5 December 2026	25 April 2027
Savolyeres	12 December 2026	18 April 2027
Bruson	12 December 2026	4 April 2027
Ski season dates in Verbier 2026 - 2027

Visit our website to take a look at this year's ski lift pass prices and discover maps to find your way around the pistes. Plus you can read more about the variety of winter activities you can do on your visit.

Summer season dates in Verbier
When are the lifts open in Verbier?

During the summer months the lift system is more restricted than in winter, but still offers fantastic mountain access to hikers, bikers and selfie-takers! 

Lift area	Opening	Closing
Verbier area	27 June	25 October
Verbier bike park	Weekends open from early June
Everyday from early July	Weekends closed from end October
Weekdays closed from late September
Summer season dates in Verbier 2026

Different dates and times apply for each lift in each month. Please note: all lift dates and times are subject to change due to adverse weather and events. You can visit our maps page to find your way around. 

Start Planning
Holiday Rentals
Chalets
Hotels
Ski Hire
Ski Pass Guide
Ski Lessons
Activities & Trips
Airport Transfers
Property For Sale
Latest News & Reviews

Find out all about what is happening in the Verbier valley and how to make the most of your time here. The latest news, reviews of fun activities, current events and the trendiest restaurants, as well as interviews with leading locals, insider's guides and our top choices for things to do, see and experience in the valley. Plus, during the winter season, our famous snow reports and dump alerts all in the same place.

See all
Latest News & Reviews
Top adventure sports to do in Verbier
Spring half-term activities in Verbier
What's new this winter in Verbier
Ski pass prices announced for Verbier
Hiking gear guide
Trail running gear guide
Upcoming Events

The resort is the home of the Xtreme Verbier, the final stop on the Freeride World Tour. This extreme skiing and snowboarding contest is held on the famous Bec des Rosses mountain in March. During the summer months, the resort is home to the Verbier Festival, a classical music festival of international acclaim, the Grand Raid Cristalp mountain biking competition and the Grand Concours Hippique horse show.

See all
Upcoming Events
Stache Day at Verbier Bike Park
Valais International Rally
Polaris Festival
Start Exploring
Towns & Villages in Verbier
Webcams in Verbier
News from Verbier
Events in Verbier
Verbier Snow Report & Forecast
Weather in Verbier
Lift Status Verbier
SEETHEWORLD

SeeVerbier.com is a SeeTheWorld destination

More destinations
Les 2 Alpes
Alpe d'Huez
Avoriaz
Chamonix
Courchevel
La Plagne
Les Arcs
Meribel
Morzine
Tignes
Val Thorens
Val d'Isere
Antibes
Bordeaux
Cannes
Dordogne
Ibiza
La Loire
Mallorca
Milan
Monaco
Nice
Provence
Saint-Tropez
Go
Resources
Partners
Consent choices
Terms & Conditions
Start planning
Holiday Rentals
Chalets
Hotels
Ski Hire
Ski Pass Guide
Ski Lessons
Activities & Trips
Airport Transfers
Property For Sale
Follow Us on Social Media
Legal

Copyright © SeeTheWorld 1998-2026. SeeVerbier.com is not a travel agent nor tour operator, nor the end supplier. Read more

Unless otherwise specified, prices shown are a guide only and, for your convenience, may have had calculations applied to them to give approximate comparisons and estimates, with regards to other similar prices listed, and/or currency rates which may fluctuate. There is no guarantee that prices are updated constantly, in real-time, nor that any offers shown are still available. Prices shown may only be available as part of a booking of a particular duration or offer, and may have restrictions or qualifying requirements and/or dates. Prices can only be confirmed at time of booking with the end supplier, including any extras, deposits, fees, taxes, surcharges, and/or miscellaneous or others charges.
