URL: https://verbier4vallees.ch/en/about-us
TITLE: About us - Verbier 4Vallées
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:48:36.066Z

YOU CONTROL YOUR DATA

We and our business partners use technologies, including cookies, to collect information about you for various purposes, including:

StatisticalMarketing
By clicking ‘Accept’, you give your consent for all these purposes. You can also choose to specify the purposes you consent to by ticking the checkbox next to the purpose and clicking ‘Save settings’.

You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the small icon at the bottom left corner of the website.

You can read more about how we use cookies and other technologies and how we collect and process personal data by clicking the link.

Read more about cookies

Google privacy policy 
opens in new tab

Show details
Decline all
Accept all
Strictly necessary
Statistical
Marketing
Powered by:
Cookie Information
opens in new tab
Skip to main content [1]
Skipt to table of contents [2]
Skip to main navigation [3]
Table of contents
One of the leading companies in les 4 Vallées [4]
A strong, diversified company [5]
More about us [6]
8°
3/70
Webcams
EN
TICKETS
LOGIN
BASKET
SEARCH
MENU
About us
current
A bit of history
Our vision & mission
Our values
Team and organisation
Master plan
Sustainability
Factsheet
Financial information
Shareholders
Career opportunities
Advertising with Téléverbier
COMPANY
ABOUT TÉLÉVERBIER
About us
TÉLÉVERBIER
ONE OF THE LEADING COMPANIES IN LES 4 VALLÉES

Téléverbier SA is the most important ski lift operator in French-speaking Switzerland. It runs the lifts in Verbier, La Tzoumaz and Bruson and co-manages the Mont-Fort sector with its neighbour, NV Remontées mécaniques SA. The company’s 36 lifts cover 203 km of slopes and ski itineraries (Italian norms) of all levels, in an exceptional ski area which peaks at an altitude of over 3,300 m. Despite the excellent natural snow conditions, due mainly to the altitude, most of the marked slopes are equipped with artificial snow-making facilities.
 
Verbier is the jewel of the 4 Vallées ski area, which also includes the resorts of Bruson, La Tzoumaz, Nendaz, Veysonnaz and Thyon. With 410 km of slopes and 82 lifts, this is the largest ski area entirely located in Switzerland. 
 

“Verbier, world capital of freeriding and paradise for outdoor enthusiasts, boasts one of the most beautiful ski resorts in the world. Managing and developing it are the key concerns of Téléverbier SA.”
JEAN-ALBERT FERREZ, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
TÉLÉVERBIER
A STRONG, DIVERSIFIED COMPANY

Since it was founded, 70 years ago, Téléverbier SA has remained independent and is mostly privately held. It is one of the rare companies in the field to have remained financially stable from the beginning, with no recourse to public funding. Téléverbier SA has been listed on the Eurolist, Compartiment C, of the Euronext Paris stock market since 2001.
 
The company is also active in the fields of catering and accommodation. Since 2020, it holds 50% of the shares in T-One (an estate agency in La Tzoumaz) and manages the complex through the T-Resort society. In Thyon, the society runs Télé-Thyon SA and holds 44.27% of its capital. Services Techniques Alpin SA is another subsidiary company which specialises in engineering and lift maintenance, mainly in the French-speaking part of Switzerland.

TÉLÉVERBIER
MORE ABOUT US
A bit of history
Vision and mission
Master plan
Job offers
Team and organisation
Shareholders
Financial information
News
SHARE
