URL: https://zugspitze.de/en/Service-information/Tickets-rates/Zugspitze
TITLE: Tickets Zugspitze │ zugspitze.de
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:29:25.554Z

This website uses cookies

We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website and to improve our communication with you. We take your preferences into account and only process data for analytics and personalisation if you give us your consent by clicking on "Allow all". You can revoke your consent at any time. For more information on cookies and customisation options, please click on "Show details".

Privacy policy

Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
MENU
SHOP
EN
WEBCAMS
WEATHER
FACILITIES
NEWS TICKER
Table of contents
Complete overview of summer rates
Zugspitze tickets in summer
ZugspitzCard and ClassicCard
Important information
You may also be interested in
Jump to:
Summer tickets
Information
Tickets for Zugspitze
All rates at a glance

Summer rates are valid through November 22, 2026. 

Summer rates are valid through November 22, 2026. Winter rates (valid starting November 27, 2026) are listed HERE. 
Zugspitze
Complete overview of summer rates
Valid through November 22, 2026

You can find all tariffs, discounts and the prices of the cogwheel train in the valley section in the overview. You can download it here as a PDF document.

Download overview
Zugspitze tickets in summer
The Ticket Zugspitze includes one ascent and one descent. The ticket can also be used for the Zugspitze Round Trip with the cogwheel train, the Gletscherbahn cable car and the Cable car Zugspitze.
The 2 peak pass includes a Ticket Zugspitze and a Garmisch-Classic ticket or a Ticket Zugspitze and a Wank ticket. The day of purchase is the first day of validity. The second day can be chosen freely in the current summer season.
The Gletscherbahn cable car can be used several times on the day of the visit.
The one-way ascent or descent can be made either with the cogwheel train or the Cable car Zugspitze. One single ride on the Gletscherbahn cable car is included in the ticket.
Family tariffs are valid for children from 6 to 18 years accompanied by at least one parent.
Discount for disabled persons with a degree of disability from 60 % and more or „G“. Same discount for registered accompanying persons. Only upon presentation of the disability card

 

	Adult	Youth (16–18 y.)	Child (6–15 y.)	Family tariff child (6–18 y.)	Disabled persons
Ticket Zugspitze	78,00 €	62,50 €	39,00 €	12,50 €	67,00 €
2 peak pass	93,50 €	75,00 €	47,00 €	20,50 €	
One-way ticket	46,00 €	37,00 €	23,00 €	8,00€	39,00 €
Buy now
ZugspitzCard and ClassicCard
More days – More possibilities

Guests who stay in the Garmisch-Partenkirchen region for several days can take advantage of numerous attractive offers free of charge or at reduced rates with the ClassicCard and ZugspitzCard.

Learn more
Important information
Tickets & mountain railway travel

Please note:

Children under 6 travel free when accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. Children from 6 to 15 years pay the children’s rate, youths from 16 to 18 years pay the youth rate. Family tickets or the “child in the family” rate: valid for families (children aged 6 to 18 accompanied by at least one parent). ID required for reduced rates.
Note: In the context of skiing lessons, children under 6 also need a valid ticket. 
You are welcome to take your dog with you on our trains. The one-off charge for the ascent and descent is 8,00 €.
With a degree of disability from 60 % or “G” we grant discount on ascents and descents as well as round trips with the cable cars and the cogwheel train upon presentation of the disability card.No free transport for people with disabilities in accordance with § 228 SGB IX on the Grainau – Zugspitze cogwheel train line and with the cable cars, chairlifts and surface lifts of Bayerische Zugspitzbahn Bergbahn AG.
No transport of bicycles.
The tickets cannot be transferred.
We would like to point out that when a mountain railway ticket is used, personal data (especially on the readers) is processed for control purposes and to prevent misuse of the ticket. The data will be deleted in accordance with the legal requirements. For more information on the processing of your personal data, please visit https://zugspitze.de/privacy-policy and have a look at the relevant notices on site.
You may also be interested in
FAQ tickets & rates
Learn more
Tickets Mount Wank
Discover now
Tickets Garmisch-Classic
Learn more
Social Media
Instagram
Facebook
Linkedin
Youtube
Contact
Olympiastraße 31,
82467 Garmisch-Partenkirchen
+49 8821 797 0
zugspitzbahn@zugspitze.de
Company
Jobs & careers
Press
MICE
Additional links
GTC & conditions of carriage
Privacy policy
Information obligations online shop
Cookies
Declaration on accessibility
Site notice
2022–2026 © Bayerische Zugspitzbahn Bergbahn AG. All rights reserved.
