URL: https://www.valdisere.ski/en/
TITLE: Skipass Tignes - Val d'Isère - Official online website Val d'Isère Téléphériques | Val d'Isère
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:50:56.884Z

Continue without agreeing →

We and our partners store and access non-sensitive information from your device, like cookies or a unique device identifier, and process personal data like IP addresses and cookie identifiers, for data processing like displaying personalized ads, measuring preferences of our visitors, etc. You can change your preferences at any time in our Privacy Policy on this website.
Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can object to those data processing by clicking on “Learn More”.
With your agreement, we and our 8 partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposes:
Audience Measurement, Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development, Store and/or access information on a device

LEARN MORE →
AGREE AND CLOSE
Skip to navigation
Skip to menu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Prices
expand_more
chevron_right
Prices 26-27
chevron_right
Season Pass
chevron_right
Good deals
chevron_right
Pedestrian and Cross Country skiing Pass
chevron_right
Ski Touring Pass
chevron_right
How to recharge my skipass
Experience
expand_more
chevron_right
Ski area
chevron_right
What’s new this winter
chevron_right
Easy Skiing
chevron_right
Ski area's events
chevron_right
Highlights
chevron_right
Val d'Isère Ski app
chevron_right
April skiing
chevron_right
Blog
Practical info
expand_more
chevron_right
Our sales points
chevron_right
Ski lift opening times and piste map
chevron_right
Webcams
chevron_right
Free shuttles
chevron_right
Ski safely
chevron_right
Handiski
My cart
My account
contrast
Accessibility
expand_more
EN
expand_more
See you in October when online season ticket sales begin! Website is currently being updated for the winter of 26–27.
Close
close
Ski area open from 28th November to 2nd May
Buy your skipass
Search for my activity
DISCOVER OUR OFFERS 2026-2027

 

Season pass Tignes- Val d'Isère

Unlimited winter

Adult
1130,00 €
Add to basket
Pass 6 = 7 days

FREE: 7th day’s skiing + 2 swimming pool entries

Adult
468,00 €
Add to basket
Pass 1 day Tignes - Val d'Isère
Adult
78,00 €
Add to basket
A unique ski area
Tignes - Val d’Isère

The Tignes - Val d'Isère ski area is among the largest in the world. Your pass grants you access to over 300 kilometers of slopes and exceptional off-piste terrain. The connection between Tignes and Val d’Isère can be made via the Tommeuses chairlift, over the Tovière pass, or by taking the Borsat chairlift and skiing through the Col de Fresse.

We are dedicated to providing you with unforgettable experiences, making the most of innovative infrastructure and ski lifts to explore our snowy paradise.
  

Discover the ski area
8,8/10
This is the rating you gave us
regarding your experience
at the Tignes - Val d'Isère ski area

Let's share our passion
 

Discover
Le Ski Tranquille
A serene skiing experience.

Enjoy our specially designated trails dedicated to those who love to take their time. Whether you're just starting out or simply seeking tranquility, our gentle slopes at high altitudes offer breathtaking panoramas that are easily accessible by convenient ski lifts.

Let yourself be guided towards a skiing experience tailored to your every desire.

Discover Easy Skiing
How do I recharge my skipass?

Do you need help recharging your skipass?
Follow our very simple step-by-step instructions to recharge your skipass.

 

Recharge

Our highlights

Ski lifts, ski runs, viewing points, fun zones, etc… Discover Val d'Isère Téléphérique’s highlights.

Leissières' chairlift
The Pisaillas Glacier
The top of Grand Pré
All Our Highlights
The Val d’Isère Ski app

Starting this winter, experience the new Val d'Isère Ski app. Discover the interactive piste map, geolocated shuttles, webcams, and weather updates.

Make your stay in Val d'Isère easier with real-time information.

New this winter, your pass, right on the slopes: recharge your skipass in just 3 minutes!

 

Find out more
Buy your skipass with complete peace of mind
Free modification or cancellation until the day before your arrival
You can recharge your skipass
Payment in 3 or 4 instalments
Buy your Tignes - Val d'Isère skipass

Buying and recharging your Tignes - Val d'Isère skipass

Buy or recharge your Tignes - Val d’Isère skipass via our website Valdisere.ski in less than 3 minutes when you order your skipass online. Save time by buying your Tignes - Val d'Isère skipass before you arrive, or in resort from the comfort of your accommodation: no more waiting in line at skipass sales points; now you can be the first one on the slopes. Just step into your skis and head off to make the most of the ski area. Take advantage of live information about the ski area thanks to our Val d’Isère Ski application. Did it snow last night? What is the risk of avalanche? Find out all there is to know about the weather in Val d’Isère thanks to the webcams located close to the ski lifts.

 
Your skipass

Valdisere.ski is the perfect solution for ordering and purchasing your Tignes - Val d’Isère skipass or Val d'Isère only. Find all of the skipass prices on our website:

With special offers for the whole family, reduced rates, and great ski deals for youngsters, as well as 6-day and season passes, you’re sure to find an offer to suit you. Enjoy discounted prices when you ski during the pre-season period, from 28th November to 11th December 2026 inclusive.

What’s the weather like in Val d’Isère? You no longer need to worry what the weather’s up to: thanks to our Ski à la carte offer, you only pay when you ski. With your skipass, make the most 76 ski lifts, giving you access to endless ski runs, fun areas, two glaciers and snowparks.
 

Tignes - Val d'Isère : an exceptional ski area

Previously known as the Espace Killy, Tignes and Val d’Isère’s ski areas now comprise one of the largest linked ski areas in the world. Located close to the Vanoise National Park, the area guarantees exceptional snow conditions throughout the season, thanks to its high altitude. Enjoy 300km of ski runs and many state-of-the-art ski lifts. From Tignes Les Brévières to the Pisaillas Glacier, not forgetting Tovière, the Face de Bellevarde and Solaise, discover breath-taking landscapes, larch forests, like the one at Le Fornet, and many exceptional off-piste itineraries. The teams at Val d’Isère Téléphériques pull out all the stops to bring you the ski experience you deserve.

Any questions?
Read the FAQ
Contact us
Monday trought friday from 8.30am to 12pm and from 2pm to 5pm
contact@valdisere.ski
+33 (0)4 79 06 32 32

Pay in complete confidence

snowtimes.de

Information
About us
Tourist Office
CGV
Legal notice
Employment
FAQ
CGU
Cookies
Ethics and compliance
Complaint
Data Protection Policy
Ski safely
Data subject rights request
Accessibility: non-compliant
Sitemap

© 2026 Val d'Isère Téléphériques • All right reserved •


