URL: https://www.appi.co.jp/en/experience/white-season/
TITLE: White season - APPI RESORT
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:23:39.460Z

ALERT

Hotel room bookings on IHG.com do not include child (4–12 years old) rates in the displayed total. Additional charges will be settled at check‑in. Please note that guests aged 13 and above are considered adults at our hotels, so kindly include them in the number of adults when making your reservation.

BOOK NOW
MOUNTAIN
STAY
DINING
EXPERIENCE
NEWS
OFFER
ACCESS
EXPERIENCE THE WHITE SEASON!

THROUGH THE WINTER

The nature-rich areas of the Appi Kogen and Hachimantai areas offer many activities that can be enjoyed in each of the four seasons.
Enjoy active sports, experience the outdoors in nature, and encounter inspiring landscapes….
Please enjoy the beauty of the Appi Kogen in your own way.

All Activities
Outdoor
Family
Culture & Arts
Indoor Sports
Outdoor
Resort Guiding

Resort Guiding is a guided tour of the APPI resort for intermediate to advanced level skiers/snowboarders who want to go beyond the groomed trails and enjoy the natural terrain.
Qualified guides (in English) will guide you through powder snow, tree runs, and natural terrain.

Until Sunday, March 8, 2026

Half day: 3 hours
Full day: 5.5 hours

Advanced skiers and snowboarders

TREE RUN ZONE Five tree run areas in APPI

A total of five tree-run areas allow you to enjoy the powder snow of the APPI Resort.For more information, please…

Nishimori CAT

Nishimoriyama, where you can enjoy dry powder at the highest altitude in the Appi Kogen.Experience its full appeal at CAT…

“Snow Park” for more freedom in the park

Ride Your Way to more freedom in the park!Banks, waves, jumps, boxes and rails in the area.Unleash your playful spirit!…

Snow Snap

Snow Snap is a photography and videography service for groups doing activities in Appi Kogen.
Staff will work with the group to capture the activity using Insta360.

Saturday, December 27, 2025 – Sunday, April 5, 2026

Insta360 Rental

Insta360 Rental is a camera rental service that allows users to easily record various scenes from a 360-degree perspective, such…

Friday, January 9 – Sunday, April 5, 2026

4 hours

e-SNOW BIKE Park Experience Course

e-SNOW BIKE Experience!
Easy to operate, you will be able to drive it in 2 minutes♪
Enjoy new activities to enjoy the snow.

January 9 – March 8, 2026

e-SNOW BIKE Forest Tour

A course to enjoy the scenery on forest roads surrounded by nature by e-SNOW BIKE.
You can enjoy the beauty of nature unique to Appi as you drive through the forests amidst the snow.

Friday, January 9, 2026 – Sunday, March 8, 2026

Approx. 90 min.

e-SNOW BIKE Mountain Top Tour

This is an advanced course for advanced riders who want to ride e-SNOW BIKE to the top of snow-covered mountains and enjoy the spectacular views.
You can experience the performance of the powerful e-SNOW BIKE as you ride through the rugged terrain.

Friday, January 9, 2026 – Sunday, March 8, 2026

Approx. 90 min.

For advanced users

Snowshoe Adventure at the Gondola Summit with a Guide

Ride the APPI Gondola for a snowshoeing walk at the top of Mt. Maemori.
Enjoy with your guide the unique nature experiences of the summit, such as the world of fog and ice, the spectacular view of Mount Iwate and Hachimantai from the top of Maemori, the thrilling sledding experience, and a drink break under the Oshirabiso tree.

Saturday, December 20, 2025 – Sunday, March 1, 2026 (daily)
Weekdays from Monday, March 2 to Friday, March 20, 2026

Approx. 2 hours

For beginners

Guided Forest Exploration Snowshoe Lift Tour

Ride the quad lift and enjoy a 1.5 km snowshoe walk through the forest back to the hotel. Your guide will lead you on a fun-filled tour, playing with snow and explaining about nature.

Saturday, December 20, 2025 – Sunday, March 1, 2026 (daily)
Weekdays from Monday, March 2 to Friday, March 20, 2026

Approx. 2 hours

For beginners

Private Snowshoe Guide

Your own private snowshoe tour, starting from Appi Kogen

Late December 2025 – March 29, 2026 (Sunday) from 8:00 a.m. to the time of your choice

Half-day course: any time between 8:00 AM and 1:00 PM
One-day course: any time between 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM

Intermediate level

Private Backcountry Guide (Appi area)

Our guides will guide you through the backcountry in the Appi area in consultation with you, depending on your preferences…

Early January to Tuesday, March 31, 2026 *Start date depends on snow conditions.

Private Backcountry Guide (Hachimantai area)

The guide will meet and communicate with the customer to create a schedule and process according to the customer’s wishes.Enjoy…

From early January 2026 *Start and end dates depend on snow conditions.

Family
Let’s play in the forests of APPI Resort “Magic Forest”

  Let’s play in the forests of APPI ResortThe Magic Forest. Recommended for tree run debutants! A natural maze appears…

Free Sledding Area & Snowman Village

Enjoy playing in the snow with all your might at the free sledding area & snowman village!

Depends on snow conditions

Snow Tubing

Enjoy snow tubing on a dedicated course!Children and adults, even those who do not ski or snowboard, can enjoy it.

Friday, January 9, 2026 – Friday, March 20, 2026

Anyone

Snow Strider

Snow striders are a great snow activity for young children.Easy to operate, even for first-time children.Let’s Challenge!

Saturday, December 27, 2025 – Friday, March 20, 2026

Kamakura Lunch

Cheese fondue served in a Kamakura

Due to melting snow caused by rising temperatures, we have closed the Kamakura Lunch for this season.

Karaoke

Enjoy it with your friends or family as a way to spend a relaxing evening, during bad weather, or simply as a fun recreational activity.

Year-round

1 hour -

Culture & Arts
Kimono Experience

Discover Japan’s timeless elegance—wear the Kimono, live the experience.

Year-round
*May not be available depending on conditions. Please contact us.

1 hour (dressing time not included)

Art & Craft

Let’s make your memories by hand at the creative experience corner! Everyone from children to adults can enjoy it.

Year-round

15 minutes - (depending on the creative item)

Mahjong

How about a game of mahjong with friends? A mahjong room is available in the hotel.

Year-round

Indoor Sports
Simulation Golf

You can select your favorite golf course from a maximum of 49 courses for a round of golf!
Available for one person or a group.
We invite you to practice to improve your score or use it as a leisure activity with your group.

Year-round

Billiards

How about a game of billiards with family and friends?
Enjoy it as one of your hotel stay activities.

Year-round

Sports Club Olympia: Table Tennis

Enjoy a game of table tennis.
A great option for rainy days or to make your time at Appi even more enjoyable.

Year-round

30 minutes

Sports Club Olympia “Kids Olympia”

We have prepared activities that children can enjoy to the fullest indoors, such as ball pools and bouncy castle, regardless of the weather.

Year-round

Up to 30 minutes per session

Sports Club Olympia “Machine Gym”

We have both training machines, aerobic exercise, which acts on cardiopulmonary function, and anaerobic exercise, which acts on muscles (basal metabolism). Please use it for light exercise to spend your resort hotel stay in good health.

Year-round

Sports Club Olympia “Indoor Swimming Pool”

Sports Club Olympia's heated indoor pool is located on the first floor of ANA Crowne Plaza Resort Appi Kogen, and all areas facing the outside are glass-walled and open. You can spend a comfortable time while looking at the green plateau in summer and the slopes in winter. There is also a jacuzzi and deck chairs, so you can spend a relaxing resort time.

Year-round

Onsen
Shirakaba no Yu

One of the largest open-air onsens in the Tohoku region. Surrounded by beech forests, it features a spacious main bath, rock bath, sleeping bath, and large sauna, where you can relax and unwind.

Hot Spring Public Bath and Sauna

Renowned for its skin-friendly mineral waters, this indoor onsen gently soothes both travel fatigue and post-sport muscle tension. Featuring spacious baths and a relaxing sauna

Private Spa MAKIBA

Private Spa MAKIBA offers a natural hot spring private bath. Relax in a spacious space with an open garden view, perfect for a serene and rejuvenating experience

Spa
THE SPA by HARNN

Experience tranquility and rejuvenation at our award-winning spa, where the artful harmony of Thai and Japanese massage techniques awaits you.

Body Relaxation

Experience full-body relaxation with expert massage techniques that gently relieve tension and stiffness, including concerns such as shoulder or lower back discomfort. This treatment is designed to improve recovery from fatigue, reduce stress, and provide the ultimate care for your body, leaving you feeling soothed and revitalized.

OUTDOOR
TREE RUN ZONE Five tree run areas in APPI

A total of five tree-run areas allow you to enjoy the powder snow of the APPI Resort.For more information, please…

VIEW MENU
OUTDOOR
Snowshoe Adventure at the Gondola Summit with a Guide

Take the APPI Gondola to the summit of Mt. Maemori at an elevation of 1,304 meters. This is a 2-hour…

VIEW MENU
OUTDOOR
Guided Forest Exploration Snowshoe Lift Tour

Ride the Central Quad Lift into the forest. Visitors will enjoy nature observation and snow play on a 1.5-km walk…

VIEW MENU
ACTIVITIES
WHITE SEASON
White Season
GREEN SEASON
Green Season
ALL SEASON
All Season
PLAN YOUR PERFECT GETAWAY

ACCOMMODATION

Select hotel
Check-in date
Check-out date
Number of guests
-
+
Number of rooms
-
+
SEARCH

Hotel room bookings on IHG.com do not include child (4–12 years old) rates in the displayed total. Additional charges will be settled at check‑in. Please note that guests aged 13 and above are considered adults at our hotels, so kindly include them in the number of adults when making your reservation.

ACTIVITIES
SHUTTLE BUS
SKI TICKETS
DINING
STAY UPDATED WITH APPI RESORT

Subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive offers and the latest resort news

SUBSCRIBE

InterContinental
Michelin Key Award

World Luxury Hotel Awards
2025 Winner

World Luxury Hotel Awards
2024 Winner

World Luxury Hotel Awards
2023 Winner

World Ski Awards Winner 2023,
Japan's Best Ski Resort

Ikon Pass

PHONE INQUIRIES

Appi Kogen Ski Resort

0570-029-511
(Reception Hours: 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM)

 

Hotel Reservation Center

0195-73-5010
(Reception Hours: 9:00 AM – 6:00 PM)
INQUIRY FORM
Contact Form
Please note that it may take some time for us to respond to your inquiry.
For urgent matters, please contact us by phone. Please refer to the Facility Contact List for contact information for each facility.
Please note that we do not handle reservations, changes, or cancellations for facility and program usage.
NAVIGATION
Mountain
Stay
Dining
Experience
News
Offer
Access
Shops
RESORT INFORMATION
Download

© 2004-2026 株式会社岩手ホテルアンドリゾート. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

PROMOTIONS
×
