URL: https://cardrona-treblecone.com/mountains
TITLE: Cardrona & Treble Cone Mountain Info | Wanaka & Queenstown Skiing | Cardrona & Treble Cone NZ
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:25:47.232Z

EN

中文

Mountains
Passes
Lessons & Rentals
What’s Happening
Snow Report
Webcams
Book Now
WĀNAKA & QUEENSTOWN SKIING
Cardrona & Treble Cone Mountain Info

What you need to know about our two ski areas

Book Now
Cardrona
Treble Cone
FAQs
Cardrona Alpine Resort

NZ's biggest ski resort

A world-class ski resort, with 615ha of skiable terrain there's something for everyone from first-timers to professional athletes

Brand new 6-seater chairlift & 150ha of new terrain

Fast access to Soho Basin's epic terrain on our new high-speed chairlift

World-class snow sports school

Refresher lessons or starting from scratch, you’re in safe hands with our seasoned professional instructors

The home of park and pipe action

Ski, ride, or spectate at the most extensive terrain park in the Southern Hemisphere

About Cardrona

Cardrona Stats

Soho Basin: 150ha New Terrain

Season Dates & Opening Hours

Elevation

Facilities

Terrain

Accessibility

Mountain Safety

Explore Cardrona

FUELLING YOUR ADVENTURE

Cafés & Restaurants

Explore All Cafés & Restaurants

Noodle Bar

Famous for: Asian-inspired deliciousness

Location: Upstairs from the Retail Store

Opening hours: 7.30am - 4pm

See Menu

The Mezz

Famous for: Cocktails and locally sourced food

Location: Upstairs above Base Café

Opening hours: 8am - 4pm

See Menu

Captain's Pizzeria

Famous for: Fast, flavourful grab-and-go dining

Location: Captain's Basin - ski or ride in via Shaun's Way and Highway 89

Opening hours: 9.30am - 3.30pm

Little Meg

Famous for: Delicious hot coffees, snacks, and ice-cold tap beers

Location: By the Valley View carpark

Opening hours: 8am - 3pm

The Lounge

Famous for: Pastries and mulled wine

Location: Base Area across the courtyard

Opening hours: 8am - 4.30pm

Base Café

Famous for: Daily 'mountain meals' that fuel you up

Location: Downstairs in the main Base Building

Opening hours: 8am - 4.30pm

Base Bar

Famous for: Delicious allergen-conscious options

Location: Downstairs between Base Café and rentals

Opening hours: 7.30am - 4.30pm

Vista Bar

Famous for: Mumm champagne on a beanbag

Location: Top of McDougall's Chondola

Opening hours: 10.30am - 3.30pm

See Menu

Carol’s

Famous for: Real fruit ice cream inspired by our flamboyant friend Carol Little

Location: Cardrona Courtyard

Opening hours: 11am - 4.20pm (weather permitting)

Cardrona Basins

Explore Full Trail Map

Main Basin

Our Main Basin offers 9 trails for all skill levels, from beginners to advanced, 7 inviting cafes, and a dedicated Beginners’ Area. The Main Basin is home to the Southern Hemisphere’s most extensive terrain parks and halfpipes, with 5 progressive parks, 2 pipes, and 1 Big Air jump.

Arcadia Basin

Arcadia is known for its diverse and challenging terrain, featuring 8 thrilling trails for intermediate to expert skiers. The chutes are highly favoured on a powder day and face east, making them among the very first runs to catch the morning sun.

Captain's Basin

With 11 trails ranging from beginner to expert, Captain’s Basin offers wide undulating terrain ranging from beginner to expert, all serviced by the Captain's Express chairlift and complemented by the convenient ski-in Captain's Pizzeria.

Valley View Basin

A favourite among Queenstown and Wānaka locals, Valley View Basin features a mix of fun intermediate to expert trails, challenging off-piste terrain, and quick bites at Little Meg Café. Valley View also has its very own car park. More time on the slopes, less time in your car.

Willow's Basin

Located on the southern face looking towards Whakatipu Basin, Willow's features two expansive bowls with rolling intermediate and advanced terrain. Serviced by the Willow’s Quad, this playful terrain is one of our best-kept secrets.

Soho Basin

Tucked in behind the top of McDougall’s Chondola and Captain’s Express, Soho Basin serves up playful intermediate and advanced terrain. Serviced by the new Soho Express 6-seater, this zone offers a mix of groomed trails and off-piste lines—set to be your new favourite lap.

Treble Cone Ski Area

South Island's longest run

Ski the 4km groomed run at Treble Cone

Longest vertical rise

1960m highest lifted point

Legendary off-piste terrain

Epic powder faces and drops

Unrivalled Views

Uninterrupted views of Lake Wānaka

About Treble Cone

Treble Cone Stats

Season Dates & Opening Hours

Summer Access

Elevation

Facilities

Terrain

Mountain Safety

Explore Treble Cone

FUELLING YOUR ADVENTURE

Cafés & Restaurants

Explore All Cafés & Restaurants

The View

Famous for: Highest craft beer in New Zealand

Location: The top of Home Basin Express

Opening hours: 10.30am - 3pm (weather permitting)

See Menu

TC Bar

Famous for: Beverages & poke bowls

Location: In the base building

Opening hours: 11am - 4pm

TC Café

Famous for: Local pies, fries, homemade sandwiches & mountain meals

Location: In the base building

Opening hours: 8am - 4pm

Treble Cone Basins

View Full Trail Map

Home Basin

With a 6-seater lift and full facilities, TC’s Home Basin is home to some of NZ’s longest groomed runs and a perfect split of intermediate and advanced terrain. It also offers arguably NZ’s most scenic Beginners’ Area, serviced by a platter lift. The basin's views of Lake Wānaka and the Southern Alps make every run memorable.

Saddle Basin

The Saddle Basin is the home of New Zealand powder day fervour. It’s an intermediate to advanced riders' paradise, featuring great snow, iconic runs, and the badge-of-honour Summit Slopes. The basin offers both pristine resort skiing and exciting backcountry gateway opportunities.

Matukituki Basin

Matukituki Basin offers a diverse mix of challenging off-piste terrain, along with a range of intermediate runs for riders looking to push their skills. The area features incredible viewpoints overlooking the Matukituki Valley, making it a must-visit spot for those seeking both adventure and stunning scenery.

Motatapu Basin

The Motatapu Basin offers some of the most challenging in-bounds terrain in New Zealand, with varied slopes and exciting obstacles. It’s bucket list terrain for expert skiers and snowboarders, best known for its expansive open rolling terrain that leads into steep, complex chutes and tight couloirs.

Frequently Asked Questions

Still need some help? Get in touch using our 
Chatbot - Pengi

Does Cardrona have Ski Equipment storage facilities/ lockers?

Is there Lost Property on the mountain?

Where can I collect my ski pass?

Can I pick up rentals from Queenstown or Wānaka?

Do I need to pre-book the bus service?

Do you offer half day passes?

Is tobogganing available at Cardrona?

The mountain is closed, what happens to my lift pass and rentals?

What is the difference between an Unlimited Season Pass and a Saver Season Pass?

Can I come up to Cardrona if I don’t want to ski or snowboard?

What is your accessibility like?

Can beginners ski at Treble Cone?

Does Treble Cone have a Snow Sports School?

Are you Hidden Disability Sunflower initiative supporters?

BUY ONLINE AND SAVE!

LIFT PASSES

Secure your Winter ’26 Cardrona and Treble Cone lift pass and experience the largest ski area in New Zealand

Learn More

SHUTTLES, BUSSES AND DIRECTIONS

GETTING HERE

Make your travel easy and sustainable by catching the free mountain road shuttles or our bookable bus service

Learn More

❄️ Get Exclusive Snowy Updates ❄️

Snowfall alerts. Exclusive deals. Local tips. Sign up and get the good stuff - straight from NZ’s Biggest Alpine Playground. No boring bits, promise. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Cardrona Socials

Treble Cone Socials

Summer
Our Blog
Employment
Gift Vouchers
Sustainability
About Us
Functions & Events
Press & Media
Trade & Wholesale
Contact Us
Mountain Safety
Privacy Policy
The Cardrona Foundation
Terms & Conditions

Contact Us

0800 440 800

NZ Freephone

1800 754 386

AUS Freephone

info@cardrona-treblecone.com
Chat bot

Mountain Opening Hours

Cardrona

Open

Treble Cone

Closed

View all

Cardrona Address

Cardrona Valley Road, Cardrona, 9305, New Zealand

Get directions

Treble Cone Address

Wānaka Mount Aspiring Road, Wānaka, 9305, New Zealand

Get directions

Our Partners:

© 2025 Cardrona & Treble Cone - Official Website
