URL: https://www.mtbuller.com.au/winter/news/details/2026-snow-season-on-sale
TITLE: 2026 snow season - on sale!
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:37:41.530Z

Item added to cart
View cart
YOUR CART IS EMPTY

Browse accommodation, activities and rentals to organise your perfect trip and check out when you're ready.

Close
Plan journey
Close
Book Resort Entry & Ride Shares

Purchase Resort Entry if driving to Mt Buller, as well as Ride Share if staying overnight.

Drive a Car

Driving to Mt Buller? Find information about parking, resort entry and wheel chain info for both day trips and staying overnight.

Catch a Bus

Travelling to Mt Buller by bus? Compare services, departure points, schedules and booking options for an easy trip to the mountain.

In-Resort Transport

Get around Mt Buller with the Carpark and Intra-Village Shuttles, or private transfers.

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Resort Maps

Maps of the ski slopes, village, and bus routes.

Your First Time?

We have you covered. Download the Mt Buller First Timers' Guide to find out more.

Planner

Plan out your Mt Buller adventure. It's free!

Things to do
Close
Skiing & Snowboarding

Skiers first hit these slopes 100 years ago — and we’ve been sliding ever since. With 80km of runs, it’s your turn to ride!

Activities

Discover a mountain of fun activities both on and off the slopes to complete your winter holiday.

Rental & Retail

From gear to gifts, enjoy the convenience of on-mountain rental and retail to keep you sliding.

Eat & Drink

Bring your appetite and soak up the après vibes at bars, cafés, and restaurants. Who’s hungry?

Lift & Lessons
Close
Lift Tickets

Find the right ticket for you and make the most of pre-purchase and off-peak savings.

Season Memberships

A Season Membership unlocks unlimited days on the slopes and exclusive perks all season long.

Lessons

From first-timers to seasoned riders, our Ski & Snowboard School has lessons for everyone to level up.

Private Lessons

Nothing beats a one-on-one lesson tailored to you. Sharpen your skills, boost your confidence, and enjoy the VIP treatment.

Find Your Level

Unsure of your level? Find the right lesson to match your skills and goals here.

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Seasonal Programs

Snow Squad, Team Buller Riders and Race Club

Ikon Pass

Use Ikon pass at Mt Buller. Now with Direct to Lift access, getting on the slopes is easier than ever!

Mountain Collective

Mt Buller is part of the Mountain Collective! See how you can benefit.

Events
Accommodation
Close
All Accommodation

Browse, compare, and book all lodge, hotel, and apartment options on Mt Buller and in the Mansfield region. Filter by price, features, location, and special offers.

Special Offers

Unlock exclusive deals like Kids Stay Free and our Snow Guarantee—special offers to make your trip even better.

Planner
Book now
Close
Accommodation
Resort Entry, Transfers & Ride Share
Lift Passes
Coaches & Tours
Ski/Snowboard Lessons
Activities
Rentals
Gift Cards
Season Memberships
Sightseeing Chairlift
Alerts
Information
Hours
News
Winter
Summer
Cams
Lifts 0
Weather 2.0 °C
Trails 0
What's on
Home → 2026 snow season - on sale!
2026  SNOW  SEASON  -  ON  SALE! 
30 March 2026

30 March 2026: Daylight savings isn't even over and skiers and snowboarders can already book lift passes, lessons, rental and accommodation locking in the best deals for winter escapes.

The entire 2026 season products here at Mt Buller are all available now - so get clicking to search out value and plan your dates, whether it’s to get in early for June skiing or plan now to lock in savings and spring deals.

Adults can ski at Mt Buller this season from just $121 a day and children up to 18 from $73, opening the door to an affordable alpine experience at Australia’s most accessible major snow resort.

“There is enough uncertainty in the world, so we are focused on helping people plan quality time on snow with their friends and family this winter – close to home. Everything you need for a complete alpine escape on Mt Buller is bookable from June through to September so guests can plan with confidence, search out the best deals and lock in their holiday without worrying about prices changing,” said Noel Landry General Manager of Buller Ski Lifts.

“When we explain a family of four can stay on mountain from $253 a night in June, and that many venues offer Kids Stay Free packages I know it’s a surprise to many. I encourage anyone who was inspired watching the Winter Olympics this summer to come up and experience time on the snow with your favourite people.” he said.

“Learning to ski or board, sipping hot chocolate, watching snow fall in the trees and cuddling a sled dog are memories you’ll treasure for life. Our team here on Mt Buller is ready to make your winter dreams a reality and we’re busy getting the resort ready for a great season” he added.

With mountains of value on offer across June, mid-week and Spring - including popular Kids Stay Free packages – it’s time to slide into some cosy slippers and start booking a snow trip.

Savvy snow lovers know the secret: get in early to snap up the best value.

Booking early brings peace of mind, with Mt Buller’s Snow Guarantee, ensuring confidence in winter plans no matter what the season brings. It’s a promise that lets you focus on what matters most – fresh air, snowy adventures and time well spent in the mountains.

Anticipation for the 2026 season is building, with thousands of skiers and boarders already well ahead of the game snapping up $100 lift pass deals during Mt Buller’s Winter Olympic podium celebrations.

TAGS

Resort News & Developments,
Season Pass Updates,
Travel Tips & Itineraries
SEE MORE NEWS
Billycart madness on the mountain!

Billycarts took over the streets of Mt Buller on a crisp Saturday

15 Apr 2026

Snow Arrives at Mt Buller as Winter Countdown Begins

Only 29 days until Opening Weekend

8 May 2026

Mt Buller hosting National Interschools to 2031

Mt Buller will host the 'Nationals' in 2027, 2029 & 2031

7 Apr 2026

FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
RECEIVE DEALS AND UPDATES
LATEST NEWS, WEATHER, DEALS,
ACTIVITIES AND MORE. IT’S FREE!
SIGN UP
Mt Buller
1800 BULLER
1 Summit Road, Mount Buller VIC 3723
[Get directions]
Visit our sister resort - Mt Stirling

Something to offer everyone - from school groups and families, to naturalists and outdoor enthusiasts.

Download the Mt Buller app

Perfect for quick access to weather, lift & run reports

Show our sponsors some 
Plan Journey
Book Resort Entry
Drive a Car to Mt Buller
Catch a Bus to Mt Buller
Resort Maps
Wheel Chains
In Resort Transport
Schools and Tour Groups Entry
Guests With Disability
Things to Do
Skiing & Snowboarding
Activities
Rental & Retail
Eat & Drink
Lift & Lessons
Lift Tickets
Season Memberships
Lessons / Ski School
Private Lessons
Find Your Level
Snow Squad
Ikon Pass
Mountain Collective
Sightseeing
Main Menu
Events
Accommodation
Planner
First Timers Guide
Resort Entry
Quick Menu
Alerts
Hours
Find up to Date Info
News
Live Cams
Lift Report
Terrain Park Status
Toboggan Park Status
Weather & Snow Report
Trails
What's On
Resort Info
About Mt Buller
The Village
Leaderboards
Sister Resorts
Resort Partners
Schools, Corporate & Groups
Race Results
Employment
Resort Management
Adverse Weather Replacement Day Application
Health & Medical Services
Media
Permits & Licences
Safety
Giving Policy
Our Environment
Snow Guarantee
Mt Buller Live App
Weddings
Book Online
Resort Entry
Transfers & Ride Share
Accommodation
Lift Tickets
Rentals
Group Lessons
Private Lessons
Activities
Season Memberships
Accommodation Offers
Redeem Voucher
B-TAG Lift Pass Checker
My Account
Staff
Buller Crew Individuals
Buller Crew Businesses
Acknowledgment of Country

Mt Buller acknowledges the traditional owners of the land on which we stand, the Taungurung people, and pays respect to their Elders, past and present.

Copyright 2026 Mt Buller | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Mt Buller & Mt Stirling Alpine Resorts | Alpine Resorts Victoria (ARV) | Provider Login
Our Digital & Marketing Agency - ID Digital Agency
