URL: https://www.mtbuller.com.au/winter/rentals-and-retail/details/buller-sports-mansfield
TITLE: Buller Sports Mansfield | Mt Buller
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:38:20.477Z

Item added to cart
View cart
YOUR CART IS EMPTY

Browse accommodation, activities and rentals to organise your perfect trip and check out when you're ready.

Close
Plan journey
Close
Book Resort Entry & Ride Shares

Purchase Resort Entry if driving to Mt Buller, as well as Ride Share if staying overnight.

Drive a Car

Driving to Mt Buller? Find information about parking, resort entry and wheel chain info for both day trips and staying overnight.

Catch a Bus

Travelling to Mt Buller by bus? Compare services, departure points, schedules and booking options for an easy trip to the mountain.

In-Resort Transport

Get around Mt Buller with the Carpark and Intra-Village Shuttles, or private transfers.

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Resort Maps

Maps of the ski slopes, village, and bus routes.

Your First Time?

We have you covered. Download the Mt Buller First Timers' Guide to find out more.

Planner

Plan out your Mt Buller adventure. It's free!

Things to do
Close
Skiing & Snowboarding

Skiers first hit these slopes 100 years ago — and we’ve been sliding ever since. With 80km of runs, it’s your turn to ride!

Activities

Discover a mountain of fun activities both on and off the slopes to complete your winter holiday.

Rental & Retail

From gear to gifts, enjoy the convenience of on-mountain rental and retail to keep you sliding.

Eat & Drink

Bring your appetite and soak up the après vibes at bars, cafés, and restaurants. Who’s hungry?

Lift & Lessons
Close
Lift Tickets

Find the right ticket for you and make the most of pre-purchase and off-peak savings.

Season Memberships

A Season Membership unlocks unlimited days on the slopes and exclusive perks all season long.

Lessons

From first-timers to seasoned riders, our Ski & Snowboard School has lessons for everyone to level up.

Private Lessons

Nothing beats a one-on-one lesson tailored to you. Sharpen your skills, boost your confidence, and enjoy the VIP treatment.

Find Your Level

Unsure of your level? Find the right lesson to match your skills and goals here.

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Seasonal Programs

Snow Squad, Team Buller Riders and Race Club

Ikon Pass

Use Ikon pass at Mt Buller. Now with Direct to Lift access, getting on the slopes is easier than ever!

Mountain Collective

Mt Buller is part of the Mountain Collective! See how you can benefit.

Events
Accommodation
Close
All Accommodation

Browse, compare, and book all lodge, hotel, and apartment options on Mt Buller and in the Mansfield region. Filter by price, features, location, and special offers.

Special Offers

Unlock exclusive deals like Kids Stay Free and our Snow Guarantee—special offers to make your trip even better.

Planner
Book now
Close
Accommodation
Resort Entry, Transfers & Ride Share
Lift Passes
Coaches & Tours
Ski/Snowboard Lessons
Activities
Rentals
Gift Cards
Season Memberships
Sightseeing Chairlift
Alerts
Information
Hours
News
Winter
Summer
Cams
Lifts 0
Weather 2.0 °C
Trails 0
What's on
Home → Rentals & Retail → Buller Sports Mansfield
BULLER  SPORTS  MANSFIELD 
Retail & Rental
Address
Maroondah Hwy &, Elvins St, Mansfield VIC 3722
Type
Ski/Snowboard Rental, Clothing Rental, Snowplay Rental, Wheel Chain Rental, Retail Stores
Features
Off Mountain, Accepts Snow Dough, Season Member Discount
Opening hours

Closed for Winter 2026. See you in 2027!

Contact
(03) 5777 7800
buller.sports@skibuller.com.au
https://bullersports.com.au/
BULLER SPORTS MANSFIELD

Rent and Save with off-mountain prices! Get your gear at fantastic rates, ensuring you're all set for your snow-filled escapades without breaking the bank.

Visit our Discount Retail Outlet with up to 75% off! Stock up on essentials and souvenirs at unbeatable prices, making sure you're geared up and ready for the slopes without overspending.

Pre-book online for further discounts and secure your spot hassle-free. Maximize your savings and streamline your experience by planning ahead.

Everything is in one place. Purchase lift tickets, toboggan tickets, lessons, hire equipment, and retail, ensuring you have everything you need conveniently located.

Drive-through Car Wheel Chains Service: By law, all cars going up the mountain must carry wheel chains. We have them for rent and can show you how to safely and easily use them. Stay compliant and prepared for any road conditions with our convenient service. Cannot purchase chain hire online.

Rest assured with our Gear Satisfaction Guarantee—any problems on the mountain will be promptly resolved at one of our on-mountain Buller Sports stores. Enjoy peace of mind throughout your adventure knowing we've got you covered.

Enjoy 24-hour returns for your rented equipment, providing flexibility and convenience for your snow experience. Switch up your gear effortlessly with our Gear Swap offer, ensuring you're always equipped for maximum enjoyment on the slopes.

Get a head start on your snow-filled day with our complimentary afternoon-before pick-up service. Collect your gear the day before and hit the slopes bright and early the next morning, ready for an unforgettable day on the mountain.

Don't forget to purchase your lift ticket ahead of time. You'll need a valid lift ticket to be able to collect your gear.

FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
RECEIVE DEALS AND UPDATES
LATEST NEWS, WEATHER, DEALS,
ACTIVITIES AND MORE. IT’S FREE!
SIGN UP
Mt Buller
1800 BULLER
1 Summit Road, Mount Buller VIC 3723
[Get directions]
Visit our sister resort - Mt Stirling

Something to offer everyone - from school groups and families, to naturalists and outdoor enthusiasts.

Download the Mt Buller app

Perfect for quick access to weather, lift & run reports

Show our sponsors some 
Plan Journey
Book Resort Entry
Drive a Car to Mt Buller
Catch a Bus to Mt Buller
Resort Maps
Wheel Chains
In Resort Transport
Schools and Tour Groups Entry
Guests With Disability
Things to Do
Skiing & Snowboarding
Activities
Rental & Retail
Eat & Drink
Lift & Lessons
Lift Tickets
Season Memberships
Lessons / Ski School
Private Lessons
Find Your Level
Snow Squad
Ikon Pass
Mountain Collective
Sightseeing
Main Menu
Events
Accommodation
Planner
First Timers Guide
Resort Entry
Quick Menu
Alerts
Hours
Find up to Date Info
News
Live Cams
Lift Report
Terrain Park Status
Toboggan Park Status
Weather & Snow Report
Trails
What's On
Resort Info
About Mt Buller
The Village
Leaderboards
Sister Resorts
Resort Partners
Schools, Corporate & Groups
Race Results
Employment
Resort Management
Adverse Weather Replacement Day Application
Health & Medical Services
Media
Permits & Licences
Safety
Giving Policy
Our Environment
Snow Guarantee
Mt Buller Live App
Weddings
Book Online
Resort Entry
Transfers & Ride Share
Accommodation
Lift Tickets
Rentals
Group Lessons
Private Lessons
Activities
Season Memberships
Accommodation Offers
Redeem Voucher
B-TAG Lift Pass Checker
My Account
Staff
Buller Crew Individuals
Buller Crew Businesses
Acknowledgment of Country

Mt Buller acknowledges the traditional owners of the land on which we stand, the Taungurung people, and pays respect to their Elders, past and present.

Copyright 2026 Mt Buller | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Mt Buller & Mt Stirling Alpine Resorts | Alpine Resorts Victoria (ARV) | Provider Login
Our Digital & Marketing Agency - ID Digital Agency
