URL: https://www.jungfrau.ch/en-gb/jungfrau-ski-region/
TITLE: Jungfrau Ski Region | jungfrau.ch
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:29:41.381Z

DISCOVER
CORPORATE
DE
EN
FR
LIVE
EXPERIENCE & DISCOVER
PLAN & BOOK
TICKETS
Ski areas
Offers
Live status
Highlights
Getting there

Closed

21.11.2026 - 02.05.2027
Hi, can I answer a question for you or help in another way …
Jungfrau Ski Region
3 ski areas
211 kilometres
50 km sledding trails
100 km winter hiking trails

Two valleys, three mountain ranges and 211 kilometres of perfectly prepared pistes. In the Jungfrau ski region snow fans can enjoy activities of all types and be in their element. The winter paradise with the backdrop of Eiger, Mönch and Jungfrau offers skiers and snowboarders everything their hearts desire: gentle slopes, steep drops, snow and fun parks, racing tracks and powder parties.

Live slope data
Webcams
Ski areas of the Jungfrau Ski Region

The season and operating times in the Jungfrau Ski Region depend on snow and weather conditions. The start of the winter operation has therefore not yet been determined.

Ski passes can already be purchased online. Dates from the end of November onwards are currently available in the booking calendar. Should the winter season start earlier, earlier dates will also be made available.

Until the end of November – depending on snow conditions – we expect to operate exclusively or partially on weekends.

Ski area Grindelwald-Wengen
21.11.2026 - 25.04.2027
Ski area Grindelwald-Wengen

On skis or a snowboard you glide down the slopes of Kleine Scheidegg, the Lauberhorn and Männlichen.

Ski area Grindelwald-First
19.12.2026 - 29.03.2027
Ski area Grindelwald-First

If you are looking for the next freestyle highlight in the Bernese Oberland, Grindelwald-First is the place to be.

Mürren-Schilthorn ski area
21.11.2026 - 02.05.2027
Mürren-Schilthorn ski area

Scenic slopes, steep runs, adrenaline rushes, and magical winter hiking trails.

Our Offers at a Glance
Jungfrau Ski Region ski pass
21.11.2026 – 25.04.2027
from CHF 79
Jungfrau Ski Region ski pass

Experience the Jungfrau Ski Region – a winter paradise for skiers and snowboarders against the impressive backdrop of Eiger, Mönch and Jungfrau.

AlpsPass - the best ski pass in the Alps!
CHF 949
AlpsPass - the best ski pass in the Alps!

4 ski areas, 7 partner destinations – 1 pass. With the AlpsPass, you’ll discover Adelboden-Lenk, the Aletsch Arena, Engelberg-Titlis and the Jungfrau Ski Region. You also get 3 free ski days in each of 7 partner destinations.

Ski & Stay Jungfrau
Ski & Stay Jungfrau

Book ski pass and hotel conveniently online – all in one place. No more searching separately for a hotel: all that's left is to look forward to the ski holiday in front of the most beautiful panorama in Switzerland.

Ski pass with accommodation
Children ski free on Saturdays
Free
Children ski free on Saturdays

Up to three children (6 to 15 years) receive a free day pass on Saturdays when an adult buys a day or afternoon pass at the list price for themselves.

Winter Hiking and Sledging Pass (1–7 days)
21.11.2026 – 25.04.2027
from CHF 61
Winter Hiking and Sledging Pass (1–7 days)

Multi-day pass for winter hiking and sledging in the Jungfrau Region.

Single and multi-day pass (1-7 days)
Ski locker instead of carrying your skis around
from CHF 12/day
Ski locker instead of carrying your skis around

The two ski lockers at the Grindelwald Terminal save skiers from having to lug their equipment around on every trip to Grindelwald.

Jungfraujoch “Top Ticket” connection ticket
CHF 63
Jungfraujoch “Top Ticket” connection ticket

Another highlight in the Jungfrau Ski Region winter paradise: With the "Jungfraujoch Top Ticket" you can travel to the Jungfraujoch – Top of Europe for CHF 63.

01.12.2026–30.04.2027
Jungfrau Ski Region live status overview

Click on one of the three sub-regions on the map to view it in detail.

Winter sports in front of the most beautiful panorama of Switzerland

Discover the highlights on and off the slopes!

Lauberhorn race track for everyone
Incl. in ski pass
Lauberhorn race track for everyone

In the Grindelwald-Wengen region, served by the Eiger Express, once the world-famous Lauberhorn race has finished, ski fans can try out the original route. Lauberhorn-LIVE: metre by metre in the footsteps of the stars.

First Flyer: Through the air at 84 km/h
27.10.2025 - 25.10.2026
First Flyer: Through the air at 84 km/h

With the Flying Fox variant First Flyer, four people race down the 800-metre-long steel cable from First to Schreckfeld at speeds of up to 84 km/h – even in winter!

2166–1956 m
Time required ~ 10 minutes
In winter too!
First Glider: Fly like an eagle
29.11.2025 - 25.10.2026
First Glider: Fly like an eagle

Up to four people can fly through the snowy mountain landscape in the eagle known as the First Glider: first at 72 km/h backwards from Schreckfeld to First, then back again at up to 83 km/h.

2166–1956 m
Time required ~ 15 minutes
In winter too!
First Cliff Walk by Tissot: Thrills and breathtaking views
Incl. in ski pass
First Cliff Walk by Tissot: Thrills and breathtaking views

A circular summit trail around the First mountain station. A bridge along the rock face leads to a vantage platform that protrudes 45 metres into the void and offers breathtaking views of the snow-covered 4000-metre peaks.

First View: Panoramic view of the Bernese Alps
Incl. in ski pass
First View: Panoramic view of the Bernese Alps

The First View vantage platform on the summit of the First high above Grindelwald offers seven breathtaking views of the Bernese Alps – all year round.

Snowpark Grindelwald-First: Snowboard and freeski paradise
Incl. in ski pass
Snowpark Grindelwald-First: Snowboard and freeski paradise

Snowpark Grindelwald-First: a 130-metre halfpipe and two parks with different levels of difficulty for the snowboarding and freeskiing community, with an attractive course for ski cross fans.

Jungfrau Eiger Run by Night
from CHF 19
Jungfrau Eiger Run by Night

Already a special experience during the day – and at night an absolute highlight: Sledge down the 3.5 km long Jungfrau Eiger Run from Alpiglen to Brandegg on the illuminated piste.

1619–1337 m
Time required ~ 10 min
Grindelwald-Wengen ski area
Big Pintenfritz: One of the longest toboggan runs in Europe
from CHF 28
Big Pintenfritz: One of the longest toboggan runs in Europe

Those who hike from the First mountain station to the Faulhorn on sledges in winter are rewarded twice over: with the unique panorama of the Bernese Alps covered in deep snow and with one of the longest toboggan runs in Europe.

2552–1153 m
Time required ~ 3 h 30 min (incl. toboggan ride)
Grindelwald-First ski area
Lily's Winter Slopes: Snow fun for the little ones
Incl. in ski pass
Lily's Winter Slopes: Snow fun for the little ones

On the Grindelwald-First adventure mountain, children can let off steam on Lily's Fun Slope with fun obstacles. On Kleine Scheidegg, two more Lily Slopes provide riding fun.

Lily's Winter Treasure Hunt
Lily's Winter Treasure Hunt

On the ultimate weekend of the winter season, Switzerland's biggest treasure hunt in the snow takes place at the First mountain station. Anyone who finds one of the 30 coveted chests will be rewarded with a prize at the Season-End-Party.

Jungfrau ski school: Männlichen children's paradise
Jungfrau ski school: Männlichen children's paradise

Next to the Männlichen mountain station at 2232 metres above sea level, the little ones will learn to ski in a playful way at the Männlichen children's paradise. An experienced team accompanies them – this is how the snow fun begins.

Ski tour paradise
Ski tour paradise

Ski tourers can look forward to a wide variety of routes for every level: from views of the Eiger North Face to the impressive Aletsch region, with the Jungfraujoch as the starting point.

After Slopes Sounds
After Slopes Sounds

End your day on the slopes with a drink, snack and cool DJ sounds at Grindelwald Terminal. In winter, Terminal Square and the e-tron energy bar become a hotspot for après-ski.

Information on how to get to the Jungfrau Ski Region
Park+Ride Matten bei Interlaken

For day visitors to the Jungfrau Ski Region travelling by car, we recommend using the new Matten b. Interlaken stop: park at the P+R and enjoy direct public transport connections to the ski area. Environmentally friendly and comfortable.

Car park live status

Find out about the current car park occupancy rate online here at jungfrau.ch – in comfort from home or on the move. Arrive stress-free with the Jungfrau Region car park guidance system.

Wengen shuttle train

Now you can simply take the luggage trolley with you on the train: The modern Wengen Shuttle makes travelling between Lauterbrunnen and Wengen a more pleasant experience than ever. No matter whether you are planning a longer stay in Wengen or want to return to the valley after skiing.

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Previous
Next
This might also interest you
Sledging
Sledging

Speedy curves, snow-covered forests, and breathtaking views: on our sledge runs you glide straight into winter bliss – fun and adventure guaranteed.

Winter hiking
Winter hiking

Escape the bustle of the slopes and immerse yourself in magical winter landscapes. On the prepared trails, only the crunching of your shoes is audible.

from CHF 79
Jungfrau Ski Region ski pass
Buy ticket
CONTACT
AI Assistant
Help & Contact
SERVICES
Company
FAQ
Stories of the Jungfrau Railways
Prices & Brochures
Vouchers for the Jungfrau Region
Arrival, Stations and Parking
Search
NEWSLETTER
Stay informed about offers and news.
Subscribe to newsletter
VISIT US ON
PARTNERS OF THE JUNGFRAU RAILWAYS
© Jungfraubahnen Management AG
Legal notice
Passenger rights
Travel package directive
GCU
GTC
Data protection
Hosted by nine.ch
Cookie settings
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
