URL: https://www.jungfrau.ch/en-gb/jungfrau-ski-region/grindelwald-wengen/
TITLE: Ski area Grindelwald-Wengen | jungfrau.ch
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:29:54.318Z

DISCOVER
CORPORATE
DE
EN
FR
LIVE
EXPERIENCE & DISCOVER
PLAN & BOOK
TICKETS

Closed — opens 21.11.2026

21.11.2026 - 25.04.2027
Hi, can I answer a question for you or help in another way …
Ski area Grindelwald-Wengen
Subarea Kleine Scheidegg
Subarea Männlichen

When the snow falls on the mountains between Grindelwald and Wengen, there's no stopping winter sports enthusiasts. They glide down the slopes of Kleine Scheidegg, Lauberhorn and Männlichen on skis or snowboards. And the world-famous trio is always in view, making the Jungfrau Ski Region so unique.

Live slope data Buy ticket

Our Offers at a Glance
Jungfrau Ski Region ski pass
21.11.2026 – 25.04.2027
from CHF 79
Jungfrau Ski Region ski pass

Experience the Jungfrau Ski Region – a winter paradise for skiers and snowboarders against the impressive backdrop of Eiger, Mönch and Jungfrau.

AlpsPass - the best ski pass in the Alps!
CHF 949
AlpsPass - the best ski pass in the Alps!

4 ski areas, 7 partner destinations – 1 pass. With the AlpsPass, you’ll discover Adelboden-Lenk, the Aletsch Arena, Engelberg-Titlis and the Jungfrau Ski Region. You also get 3 free ski days in each of 7 partner destinations.

Ski & Stay Jungfrau
Ski & Stay Jungfrau

Book ski pass and hotel conveniently online – all in one place. No more searching separately for a hotel: all that's left is to look forward to the ski holiday in front of the most beautiful panorama in Switzerland.

Ski pass with accommodation
Children ski free on Saturdays
Free
Children ski free on Saturdays

Up to three children (6 to 15 years) receive a free day pass on Saturdays when an adult buys a day or afternoon pass at the list price for themselves.

Winter passes for hiking and sledging
from CHF 61.–
Winter passes for hiking and sledging

Whether hiking or sledging – with the one- to multi-day pass for 1–7 days (excl. Jungfraujoch) you can enjoy (almost) unlimited hiking and sledging fun.

Ski locker instead of carrying your skis around
from CHF 12/day
Ski locker instead of carrying your skis around

The two ski lockers at the Grindelwald Terminal save skiers from having to lug their equipment around on every trip to Grindelwald.

Jungfraujoch “Top Ticket” connection ticket
CHF 63
Jungfraujoch “Top Ticket” connection ticket

Another highlight in the Jungfrau Ski Region winter paradise: With the "Jungfraujoch Top Ticket" you can travel to the Jungfraujoch – Top of Europe for CHF 63.

01.12.2026–30.04.2027
Jungfrau Ski Region live status overview

Click on the map to see more details.

Highlights
Lauberhorn race track for everyone
Incl. in ski pass
Lauberhorn race track for everyone

In the Grindelwald-Wengen region, served by the Eiger Express, once the world-famous Lauberhorn race has finished, ski fans can try out the original route. Lauberhorn-LIVE: metre by metre in the footsteps of the stars.

Jungfrau Eiger Run: varied sledging safari
Jungfrau Eiger Run: varied sledging safari

The toboggan run from Eigergletscher station to Grindelwald offers pure variety – with views of the Bernese Alps and the mighty Eiger North Face, leisurely passages and a gradient of up to 36%.

Winter hike Männlichen–Kleine Scheidegg
Winter hike Männlichen–Kleine Scheidegg

From the Männlichen guesthouse to Kleine Scheidegg leads one of the most beautiful winter hiking trails in the Jungfrau region. Eiger, Mönch and Jungfrau are always with you.

Explore more highlights
Snowshoe trail in front of the Eiger North Face: Holenstein–Brandegg

Far from the hustle and bustle of the slopes: Anyone who is out and about with snowshoes here can repeatedly immerse themselves in the sight of the Eiger North Face on the well-marked path.

Royal Walk Männlichen

Experience the Männlichen on its royal side: A leisurely and scenic theme trail leads to the summit platform in the shape of a crown.

Ritas Speedway Männlichen–Holenstein

The Männlichen offers impressive views and a fast tobogganing run on Ritas Speedway. From the mountain station to the middle station Holenstein it is 1000 m – with a view of the mountain range from the Eiger to the Wetterhorn.

Fox Run: Tobogganing next to the Lauberhorn downhill run

The well-prepared 4.5 km long sledging run "Fox Run" runs next to the world-famous Lauberhorn downhill run from the Wengernalp to Wengen.

Jungfrau Eiger Run by Night

Already a special experience during the day – and at night an absolute highlight: Sledge down the 3.5 km long Jungfrau Eiger Run from Alpiglen to Brandegg on the illuminated piste.

Lily's Winter Slopes: Snow fun for the little ones

On the Grindelwald-First adventure mountain, children can let off steam on Lily's Fun Slope with fun obstacles. On Kleine Scheidegg, two more Lily Slopes provide riding fun.

Jungfrau ski school: Männlichen children's paradise

Next to the Männlichen mountain station at 2232 metres above sea level, the little ones will learn to ski in a playful way at the Männlichen children's paradise. An experienced team accompanies them – this is how the snow fun begins.

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5
Slide 6
Slide 7
Previous
Next
Additional ski areas of the Jungfrau Ski Region
Grindelwald-First ski area
19.12.2026–29.03.2027
Grindelwald-First ski area

If you're looking for the next freestyle highlight in the Bernese Oberland, Grindelwald-First is where you'll find it.

Mürren-Schilthorn ski area
21.11.2026–02.05.2027
Mürren-Schilthorn ski area

Scenic slopes, steep runs, adrenaline rushes, and magical winter hiking trails.

Information on how to get to the Jungfrau Ski Region
Park+Ride Matten bei Interlaken

For day visitors to the Jungfrau Ski Region travelling by car, we recommend using the new Matten b. Interlaken stop: park at the P+R and enjoy direct public transport connections to the ski area. Environmentally friendly and comfortable.

Car park live status

Find out about the current car park occupancy rate online here at jungfrau.ch – in comfort from home or on the move. Arrive stress-free with the Jungfrau Region car park guidance system.

Wengen shuttle train

Now you can simply take the luggage trolley with you on the train: The modern Wengen Shuttle makes travelling between Lauterbrunnen and Wengen a more pleasant experience than ever. No matter whether you are planning a longer stay in Wengen or want to return to the valley after skiing.

Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Previous
Next
Culinary delights with a view

Whether wholesome and down-to-earth or something a little more refined – from Swiss classics to international favourites: there's something to suit every taste. All accompanied by a stunning view of the Alps.

Exploring restaurants
This might also interest you
Sledging
Sledging
Winter hiking
Winter hiking

Escape the bustle of the slopes and immerse yourself in magical winter landscapes. On the prepared trails, only the crunching of your shoes is audible.

from CHF 79.–
Jungfrau Ski Region ski pass
Buy your pass now
CONTACT
AI Assistant
Help & Contact
SERVICES
Company
FAQ
Stories of the Jungfrau Railways
Prices & Brochures
Vouchers for the Jungfrau Region
Arrival, Stations and Parking
Search
NEWSLETTER
Stay informed about offers and news.
Subscribe to newsletter
VISIT US ON
PARTNERS OF THE JUNGFRAU RAILWAYS
© Jungfraubahnen Management AG
Legal notice
Passenger rights
Travel package directive
GCU
GTC
Data protection
Hosted by nine.ch
Cookies Settings
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
