URL: https://www.jungfrau.ch/en-gb/schynige-platte/buy-hiking-ticket-breitlauenen-schynige-platte/
TITLE: Hike to Breitlauenen - Schynige Platte | jungfrau.ch
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:30:59.730Z

DISCOVER
CORPORATE
DE
EN
FR
LIVE
EXPERIENCE & DISCOVER
PLAN & BOOK
TICKETS

Open

13.06.2026 - 25.10.2026
Hi, can I answer a question for you or help in another way …
Hike Breitlauenen–Schynige Platte
Time required ~ 1 h 30 min

At the Breitlauenen station you can enjoy a wonderful view of Lakes Brienz and Thun and the pre-Alp peaks Brienzer Rothorn, Augstmatthorn, Hohgant and Niederhorn. The trail branches off from the railway line here, leads down through the forest and then climbs steadily along a well-maintained gravel path. The panoramic view throughout the hike is stunning.

This ticket is valid for the train trip from Wilderswil to Breitlauenen and on the trip back from Schynige Platte to Wilderswil.

Walking and hiking on the trails and mountain paths is undertaken at your own responsibility and risk. The operational conditions of the trails are provided as recommendations only.

Detailed description of the hike

Note

This product is currently not available.

Discover Schynige Platte

Be enchanted by alpine charm: a nostalgic ride, traditional alphorn sounds, and around 800 plant species in the Alpine Botanical Garden. The setting is one of the most beautiful in the Bernese Oberland.

Learn more
View brochure
Culinary delights with a view

Whether wholesome and down-to-earth or something a little more refined – from Swiss classics to international favourites: there's something to suit every taste. All accompanied by a stunning view of the Alps.

Exploring restaurants
Hiking with a view – in every season
Hiking
Hiking
Hiking

Varied trails, perfectly signposted routes. Whether motivated by enjoyment or ambition: anyone who follows the yellow arrows will find their way.

Winter hiking
Winter hiking

Escape the bustle of the slopes and immerse yourself in magical winter landscapes. On the prepared trails, only the crunching of your shoes is audible.

from CHF 34.–
Schynige Platte
Book now
CONTACT
AI Assistant
Help & Contact
SERVICES
Company
FAQ
Stories of the Jungfrau Railways
Prices & Brochures
Vouchers for the Jungfrau Region
Arrival, Stations and Parking
Search
NEWSLETTER
Stay informed about offers and news.
Subscribe to newsletter
VISIT US ON
PARTNERS OF THE JUNGFRAU RAILWAYS
© Jungfraubahnen Management AG
Legal notice
Passenger rights
Travel package directive
GCU
GTC
Data protection
Hosted by nine.ch
Cookies Settings
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
