URL: https://www.stowe.com/the-mountain/mountain-conditions/snow-and-weather-report.aspx
TITLE: Stowe Weather Forecast - Snow & Ski Conditions | Stowe
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:48:44.774Z

Skip to main content
PASS PRICES GO UP OCTOBER 7 | BUY NOW
04Days08Hrs10Mins16Secs
	
Close
stowe homepage
Choose a Resort
Explore
the Resort
The
Mountain
Tickets
& Passes
Rentals
Lessons
Lodging
 
Jobs
 
 
Current temperature is ,
41
°F
Search
 Sign In
Shopping Cart,
STOWE MOUNTAIN RESORT
Weather and Ski Conditions

The latest weather, ski conditions, and snow reports at Stowe

Snow Reporter’s Notes

SUMMER OPERATIONS

Stowe Mountain Resort is closed for the winter season. 

Come visit us for the summer season and enjoy the Gondola SkyRide, a bite at the Cliff House, hiking trails for all levels, and explore the historic Toll Road. 

 

 
Snow Report
INCHES CM
0in
24 HOUR
SNOWFALL
 
0in
48 HOUR
SNOWFALL
 
0in
7 DAY
SNOWFALL
 
0in
BASE
DEPTH
 
0in
CURRENT
SEASON

Updated June 23, 2026 at 6:21 PM EDT

Forecast
F° C°
SUMMIT
 
BASE
Today's Forecast
 41°F
Mostly Sunny
45°F
 HI
38°F
 LOW
0in
DAYTIME SNOW
0in
OVERNIGHT SNOW
Mostly Sunny
Elevation: 3659ft
Winds: NNW
Weather Ahead
OCT
4
Tomorrow
46°F Hi
42°F Low
 
OCT
5
Monday
46°F Hi
30°F Low
 
OCT
6
Tuesday
34°F Hi
26°F Low
 
OCT
7
Wednesday
48°F Hi
34°F Low
 Updated October 3rd, 2026 at 3:00 pm
The Best Weather and Snow Reports for Stowe, VT
If you want the most accurate weather data and forecasts for Stowe Mountain Resort, here’s where to go.
“Good morning skiers and riders!” If you have ever called the Stowe Mountain Resort snow phone (802-253-3600) for the day’s conditions, you know that’s what you will be greeted with. You’ll also get a detailed daily weather forecast that includes how much snow has fallen in the last 24 hours, snow conditions, the forecasted temperatures, wind speeds for the day and what trails have been groomed. The weather information is also here on Stowe’s weather and snow report page.

In short, it’s everything you need to know for that day of skiing summed up in a quick recorded message that is the most reliable daily forecast for anyone riding or skiing Vermont’s Mount Mansfield.

And it is something you should listen to every day — even when you are back home — because often Mount Mansfield will get very different conditions than the surrounding area, conditions even seasoned forecasters sometimes miss.

“It can be raining — or even sunny — in the village of Stowe and dumping snow up at the mountain,” says Scott Braaten, who has been skiing Stowe since 2008, describing himself as “a self-taught weather guru.” He now works for Stowe Mountain Resort and is often the voice on the recorded morning forecast on Stowe’s snow phone. To get that forecast, he combines his local knowledge with all the data the National Weather Service (NWS) provides out of its Burlington station.

As Braaten says: “The National Weather Service is 100 percent the place to go for the most reliable forecasts. Many of the NWS forecasters are skiers, and they are sitting in the Burlington Airport and can see Mount Mansfield,” says Braaten. “They know what’s going on and it’s where I get my data.” It’s a far better choice than relying on forecasters who may be 100 miles away and may not be aware of the variations in weather at Vermont’s ski mountains.

Measuring Weather Data on Mount Mansfield
What makes Mount Mansfield forecasts different from recreational forecasts in other parts of the state or from conditions reports submitted by ski areas? Mount Mansfield has weather stations near its summit that monitor hourly or daily data such as wind speed, temperature, precipitation and snowfall. That detailed information is relayed to the NWS, which posts it on its website.

“There’s also this really cool feature on the NWS site that allows you to click at any point on a map and see what the weather is at various elevations,” says Braaten. “If you just Google ‘weather in Stowe,’ you’re going to get the weather in the village. The weather on the mountain can be very different.”

“A lot of people don’t know about that clickable map,” says NWS forecaster Matthew Clay, who is based in Burlington. “Because Mount Mansfield is so big, it has an impact on the weather,” says Clay. “It really pays to look around and click on different areas,” he says.

The highest mountain in Vermont, Mount Mansfield also gets the most precipitation year-round.

While Burlington, to the west, is at an elevation 300 feet above sea level, Mount Mansfield’s summit is at 4,393. “The weather usually comes from the west, and it has to go up and over the Green Mountains,” says Clay. “That’s what we call orographic lifting and it results in upslope snow.” As the air rises, it cools and compresses the moisture, and when the temperatures are cool enough, that means snow.

Clay also notes that the Burlington station is working on an experimental avalanche conditions forecast. “We’re working with partners such as Stowe Mountain Rescue to document some of the freeze and thaw cycles that can set up the snowpack for avalanche conditions,” says Clay. While you won’t encounter avalanches on Stowe Mountain Resort’s groomed trail, there have been slides in the steeper backcountry terrain in Smugglers’ Notch.

“Mount Mansfield, with its long ridgeline, also acts like a wall,” says Braaten. “Whereas a single peak like Camel’s Hump might let the air move around it quickly, a system can get blocked on Mount Mansfield. While some studies have indicated that Mount Mansfield also benefits from what’s called “lake effect” from Lake Champlain, Braaten isn’t so sure. “I’d say any ‘lake effect’ we get is from Lake Ontario. Lake Champlain is only about 7 miles wide and there’s not enough fetch there for a storm to gather much moisture.” Additionally, during many winters Lake Champlain is frozen over.

The Mount Mansfield Snow Stake

One thing is certain and documented: Mount Mansfield gets plenty of snow, with an average annual snowfall of close to 300 inches.

In 1954, the first “snow stake” was put in on Mount Mansfield and snow depths have been recorded nearly every day since then. The 12-foot-high, two-by-four is marked off with feet and stands at a spot off the Toll Road at 3,900 feet of elevation.

For many years, observers with WCAX would note the snow depth every day and report it to the NWS. In recent years, the NWS has taken over monitoring “The Stake” as it is known, via a live web cam. “If the web cam fails, it’s usually me or one of our community members goes up to get a visual and we report it in,” says Braaten.

“How much snow is at The Stake?” is a question you’ll often hear from skiers around New England — and they mean the Mount Mansfield stake. While the stake is the best gauge for snowfall at Stowe, it has also become something of an icon for how much snow is there. Numerous websites track the snow over the years. Matthew Parilla, an engineer and a developer of web analytics reporting applications, has created a site with an interactive graph that tracks the snowfall and compares it to previous seasons on any given day. “Matt’s site is phenomenal – it’s the easiest way to see what’s going on and where we stand in a season” says Braaten.

For skiers who like to explore the backcountry, the Stake serves as an indicator of whether there is enough base to cover the fallen trees and other hazards that can cause an injury. “We usually say 50 inches or so is the minimum before you should head into the woods,” says Braaten. Parilla’s graph of previous years is also a good indicator of how much snow depth to expect on various weekends in the season. The graph shows that on average snow depths peak at the Stake in late March or early April. In April 1996, for instance, the Stake measured a whopping 135 inches.

So just because the snow may have melted in your backyard, there could still be plenty of skiing on the mountain at Stowe.

Produced in partnership with Vermont Ski + Ride Magazine.

READ MORE 
Pass Prices Go Up Oct. 7​
Lock in your Pass now to ski and ride for the best value this winter
SEASON PASS
LIFT TICKETS
LESSONS
RENTALS
CHOOSE YOUR PASS
Epic Pass
Epic Local Pass
Epic Day Pass
Northeast Value Pass
Northeast Midweek Pass
SELECT YOUR PASS
Need help finding a Pass?
, opens in a new window
	
NEW! Young Adults Save 20% on a Pass​
, opens in a new window

Introducing new savings for adults 30 & under on Epic Pass & Epic Local Pass. Young adults can ski and ride the same world class resorts all season long, now at an even better price.

Plus, Teens can now also save more on access to 90+ resorts worldwide with new pricing for ages 13–17 on Epic Pass.

SAVE NOW
, OPENS IN A NEW WINDOW
	
 
Don’t Miss These Upcoming Events

Mountain Pride Run

In partnership with Winter Rendezvous, join us on January 22 to celebrate diversity on Vermont's highest peak.
Learn More 

Seasons at Stowe: Winter Glow

A stop on Ski Vermont’s Specialty Food Day Tour. Experience Winter Glow—a weekend of music & mountain charm at Vermont’s highest peak.
Learn More 

Epic Pass Holder First Tracks

Presented by Helly Hansen & American Express: Epic Pass Holders, enjoy an early opening of the Mountain Gondola on Friday, March 13th.
Learn More 
Prepare for the Slopes with Daily Stowe Weather Updates

Our daily Stowe weather reports keep you ready for every part of your adventure. Whether you are tracking mountain weather for travel plans or checking mountain snow totals for the day, our on-mountain reports provide firsthand insights on terrain status and operations. See snowfall reports and get the latest conditions to help ensure you make the most of your time on the mountain.

Resort Resources
HOURS OF OPERATION
WEATHER FORECAST
LIFT & TERRAIN STATUS
MOUNTAIN CAMS
PRE-ARRIVAL INFORMATION
TRAIL MAPS
RENTALS
DOWNLOAD MY EPIC APP

Live Webcams and Weather

Lift Line Status and Forecasts

Interactive Trail Maps

Your Phone is Your Pass

Real Time Operational Alerts

View Your Personal Stats

More Details
﻿
OUR RESORTS
ROCKIES
WEST
NORTHEAST
MID-ATLANTIC
MIDWEST
CANADA
AUSTRALIA
OUR SITES
Epic Pass
, opens in a new window
My Epic app
, opens in a new window
Snow.com
, opens in a new window
Help Center
, opens in a new window
CORPORATE INFO
Vail Resorts
, opens in a new window
Employment
Press Room
, opens in a new window
Vail Summer Media
, opens in a new window
EpicPromise
, opens in a new window
US Forest Service
OUR PARTNERS
View All Partners
EMAIL ALERTS
Get special offers, resort updates and snow alerts.
 Send Me Email Alerts
 Send Me Text Alerts
Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cancellation Policy 
 Your Privacy Choices
 
 
 
 
stowe Logo
 © 2026 Vail Resorts Management Company. All Rights Reserved. Web ID: 250 200 631
Start Chat
