URL: https://www.grandvalira.com/en/ski-pass/season/extracurricular
TITLE: Extra-curricular ski pass Andorra | Grandvalira Resorts
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:29:46.166Z

Consent
Details
About
You can control the use of cookies

Our website uses cookies. Some cookies are strictly necessary for the website to function and some are optional and are used to:

Measure how to website is used.
Enable personalisation of the website.

For advertising, marketing and social media.

If you tick 'Agree to all', you enable the installation of cookies. If you would prefer to configure them yourself, click 'Configure'.

Deny all
Customize
Accept all
Skip to main content
Info and booking
Show available languages
EN
Webcams
My GrandSki
Grandvalira
Menu
Start purchase
0/215km
Grandvalira
Webcams
Temperatures
Min.
6 ºC
Max.
27 ºC
Snow levels
Min.
0 cm
Max.
0 cm
Borders
Spanish Border
French Border
Map
Skiable Kms
0 / 215
Parking
15 / 15
Close
My basket
 Show message
forfait-extraescolar_1.jpg
Grandvalira
forfait extraescolar Andorra
Home
Ski Pass
Extracurricular
Extracurricular ski pass in Andorra
Where to buy and collect
How do I purchase a pass online?
Compensation policy
Extracurricular ski pass prices
2025-26 Prices season

These ski passes are subsidized by the M.I. Govern d'Andorra. These types of ski passes do not allow additional discounts, promotions, or benefits on resort and dining services.

 	Prices 
Extracurricular ski pass	€171,41
University ski pass	€245,31
Companion ski pass for under 65s	€233,19
Companion ski pass for 65 to 69 years old	€92,96
Companion ski pass for 70 to 74 years old	€75 
 	 
2025-26 season conditions

These ski passes are subsidized by the M.I. Govern d'Andorra.

Extracurricular ski pass for Andorra Residents: Intended for non-university students under 20 years of age (born between 2006 and 2019) and for non-enrolled individuals under 18 years of age (born in 2008 or later).
Students studying abroad under 20 must be registered in the Andorran Government’s school census.
Non-enrolled individuals under 18 must first request authorization for the ski pass from the Government of Andorra via the website. Once confirmation is received by email (within 2 working days), they may proceed to purchase the ski pass on the Grandvalira Resorts website.
 
University ski pass for residents of Andorra: Intended for those over 18 years and under 25 years of age (born between 2007 and 2001) who can prove that they are registered on an official higher education programme.
These individuals must first request authorisation for the ski pass from the Government of Andorra through the website. Once confirmation has been received by e-mail (within two business days), they can then purchase a ski pass on the Grandvalira Resorts website.
 
Companion ski pass for residents of Andorra under 65: Intended for those over 18 years and under the age of 65 (born between 2007 and 1961) and designated by the school management in accordance with the School Ski Regulations and the ski day model chosen by the centre. These individuals must first request authorisation for the ski pass from the Government of Andorra and can then purchase a ski pass on the Grandvalira Resorts website.
 
Companion ski pass for residents of Andorra from 65 to 69 years old: Intended for those over 65 and under 70 (born betweem 1960 and 1956) and designated by the school management in accordance with the School Ski Regulations and the ski day model chosen by the centre. These individuals must first request authorisation for the ski pass from the Government of Andorra and can then purchase a ski pass on the Grandvalira Resorts website.
 
Companion ski pass for residents of Andorra from 70 to 74 years old: Intended for those over 70 and under 75 (born between 1955 and 1951) and designated by the school management in accordance with the School Ski Regulations and the ski day model chosen by the centre. These individuals must first request authorisation for the ski pass from the Government of Andorra and can then purchase a ski pass on the Grandvalira Resorts website.
Where can I buy and collect these ski passes?

The passes can be purchased through the online platform temporada.grandvaliraresorts.com. They can also be purchased in person and picked up at the Grandvalira Resorts stand located at the shopping centre at Illa Carlemany, Av. Carlemany, 68 in Escaldes-Engordany and at the ticket offices at the ski resorts in Grandvalira, Pal Arinsal and Ordino Arcalís, when they open for the day.

Please note: This season, it will be possible to reload the passes from the previous season. Only those who are already registered in the Grandvalira Resorts systems or who have been holders of a season pass for Grandvalira, Pal Arinsal, or Ordino Arcalís in the last two seasons will be able to reload.

Adquireix el teu Forfet Extraescolar 25-26 ">
Videotutorial de quins passos has de seguir per al forfet extraescolar.

Més informació: https://www.grandvalira.com/es/forfai...

Instagram: / grandvalira

Facebook: / grandvalira

X: / grandvalira

#Grandvalira #Forfet #Extraescolar
2025-10-22T14:30:12Z
Adquireix el teu Forfet Universitari 25-26 ">
Videotutorial de quins passos has de seguir per al forfet universitari.

Més informació: https://www.grandvalira.com/ca/forfet...

Instagram: / grandvalira

Facebook: / grandvalira

X: / grandvalira

#Grandvalira #Forfet #Universitari
2025-10-22T14:27:13Z
How do I purchase a pass online?
Go to temporada.grandvaliraresorts.com
If the student is of legal age, they can register using their own information.
If purchasing for a minor, complete the registration with the details of one of the parents or legal guardians.
Go to the ‘Add skiers’ section and fill in the form with the child’s details. You must upload a current photo of the child.
Your Andorran registration number will be requested, which will be used to validate the authorisation from the Government of Andorra.
If the data is correct, you will be able to access the corresponding product, which can then be selected and added to your cart.
In the next step, you will need to have a copy of the CASS card to hand, as you will have to upload it as an attached document.
Next, if during previous seasons the bearer has been the holder of a Grandvalira Resorts ski pass, you will have the option to top it up. Otherwise, this option will not appear.
The last screen will be the payment options and the purchase confirmation, which you will receive by email and will have to present when collecting your ski pass.

Payment in installments available for online purchases

When it comes to online purchases, and as long as the sale takes place before 8 December 2025, payments in installments may be accepted. At the time of purchase, 40% of the total amount must be paid, and the remaining 60% will be divided into two installments that will be paid on 2 January and 2 February 2026.

Compensation policy

How can I apply? You can request this during the current season and until April 6, 2026, via webform.

When does this apply? This will be applied in the event of an accident or illness preventing further skiing.

How does it work? The skied days will be charged at the price of the day ski pass at the ticket office. A voucher will be issued as compensation, to be exchanged for the 2026-27 season, according to the customer’s use of the season ski pass during the current season.

How long are they valid? The compensation vouchers are valid for two seasons.

Compensation will not be made in case of skiing days after the date of the report.

Note: The reference price for the day's skiing will be the RRP price at the ticket office. For Andorra Pass Grandvalira will be the reference resort and for Nord Pass it will be Pal Arinsal.

Any access to the facilities with the season ski pass is considered a ski day.

In the case of reduced rates, compensation will be applied considering the type and amount initially paid for the Season Pass.

Questions related to the after-school ski pass
What should I do if the subsidised price is not applied on the website?
 
What steps should I complete before purchasing my ski pass?
 
I've sent my request to the Government, but I haven't received an approval.
 
What happens if I lose my season pass?
 
What happens if my ski pass is revoked due to fraudulent use?
 
Do I have any kind of benefit or discount at the resort with any of these passes?
@grandvalira
▶
▶
▶
Find out in Instagram
Our partners
Coca cola
Grandvalira
Coca cola
Creand
Grandvalira
Creand
OYSHO.png
Grandvalira
OYSHO
San Miguel
Grandvalira
San Miguel
Andorra
Grandvalira
Andorra
Morabanc1.png
Grandvalira
Morabanc
Range-rover.png
Grandvalira
Range
LOGO-IQOS-BLANC.png
Grandvalira
LOGO IQOS BLANC
Kave_Home.png
Grandvalira
Kave Home
Veuve_Clicquot.png
Grandvalira
Veuve Clicquot Grandvalira
View all partners
Receive the latest updates

and stay connected with Grandvalira

Login
Subscribe
Connect and share
Facebook
X
Instagram
Youtube
TikTok
Download the App

Just the most important thing in your pocket right now

Menú del peu - grandvalira.com
Contact
Request for information, suggestions, incidents, travel budgets...
Help
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Discover
Discover Andorra
What is the infinite winter?
Grandvalira in numbers
News
Blog Grandvalira
Additional information RGPDUE
Internal rules of ski resorts
Ethical Channel
Environment
Work at Grandvalira
Merchandising
We are Grandvalira
Grandvalira Resorts
Skiing in the Pyrenees
History of Grandvalira
Grandvalira Solidarity

© 2026 Grandvalira Resorts. All rights reserved

Bottom menu Granvalira
Cookie policy
Legal note
