URL: https://www.fallscreek.com.au/plan-your-trip-winter/lift-tickets/
TITLE: Lift Tickets - Falls Creek Alpine Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:28:22.626Z

Skip to content
Discover Falls
Winter Activities
Plan Your Trip
Current Conditions
What's On
VISIT IN SUMMER
Lift Tickets

Score your lift to the top, with a variety of lift tickets to suit your needs.

LIFT TICKETS AND MOUNTAIN ACCESS CARD

For more information on the full range of lift tickets available, please visit skifalls.com.au

A Falls Creek Mountain Access Card is required when purchasing a lift ticket and lesson products. A Mountain Access Card costs $6, however, these cards can be reloaded (not only this season, but also in future seasons).

If your Mountain Access Card is lost or stolen, a replacement Card will be required to be purchased for $6.

Handy Tip: Don't place your Mountain Access card near your phone or wallet, as this can interrupt the Mountain Access card from scanning and the gate may not open.

 LEARN MORE
EPIC AUSTRALIA PASS

Don’t miss the best value on lift access at Falls Creek this season.

Epic Australia Pass - Unlock unlimited laps at Falls Creek, Hotham and Perisher with the Pass that pays for itself in 5 days!
Epic Australia 4-Day Pass - Ski or ride any 4 days this season and save big compared to lift tickets!

Find the right Pass for you this winter.

 LEARN MORE
SCENIC CHAIRLIFT RIDES

Looking for an activity other than snow sports? A scenic chairlift ride up Halley's Comet to Cloud 9 could be just the experience you were hoping for.

The stunning mountain view from the top of Halley's Comet is the perfect backdrop to enjoy Cloud 9's delicious food and drinks. We know you'll cheers to feeling on top of the world!

Available only during select periods.

 LEARN MORE
Sign up for our newsletter

Want to hear the latest news and what's on at Falls Creek?

Sign up to our email newsletter and you won't miss a thing.

SUBSCRIBE

© 2024 Falls Creek Alpine Resort

Discover Falls Creek
Employment
Terms & Conditions
Alpine Resorts Victoria
Corporate Site
Contact Us
FAQ
Dog Policy
Media Policy
Privacy Policy
Child Protection Policy

Follow us on socials

Our Sponsors:

Falls Creek Alpine Resort acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout the Alpine Region of Victoria. We recognise the connection to lands, waters and communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander cultures; and to Elders past, present and emerging.
