URL: https://www.fallscreek.com.au/feastival-falls-creek-tickets-on-sale-now/
TITLE: FEASTIVAL Falls Creek Tickets On Sale Now! - Falls Creek Alpine Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:28:44.229Z

Skip to content
Discover Falls
Summer Activities
Plan Your Trip
Current Conditions
What's On
VISIT IN SUMMER
VISIT IN WINTER
FEASTIVAL Falls Creek Tickets On Sale Now!
December 11, 2023

Falls Creek Alpine Resort is excited to announce tickets are now on sale for FEASTIVAL Falls Creek 2024. After the devastating cancellation of the 2023 event due to a major landslide on Bogong High Plains Road, Falls Creek Resort is overjoyed  to bring back this extraordinary event in just a couple of months. FEASTIVAL Falls Creek was created as a celebration of music, art, comedy, food and wine, set against the pristine alpine backdrop of Falls Creek.

Tickets are now on sale! Each event is ticketed separately so you can choose your own FEASTIVAL adventure. Arrive on Friday night and experience the highly anticipated Comedy Night hosted by the iconic Frying Pan Inn, unwind at the Art Exhibition Opening Night or explore the night sky with the Astronomical Society of Victoria. More enjoyment is to come on Saturday where you can choose to kick things off with a wellness session of Pilates, a ‘Paint and Sip’ Brunch at Lakeside Lodge, join the Falls Creek Guided Heritage Walk, stroll the Maker’s Markets or even a Circus Workshop before you hit the main music event the ‘Feast de Resistance’. Phew. It really is all happening! Don’t forget to unwind your body and your mind on Sunday morning with Yoga before finishing with a delightful degustation lunch to the sounds of The ‘INVICTUS’ String Trio at Astra, Falls Creeks multi-award winning hotel and restaurant.

The Feast de Résistance will see the internationally acclaimed Australian Indie Rock Band, The Temper Trap, headline the event surrounded by a stellar line up including Thelma Plum, Holy Holy and The Grogans. But the talents doesn’t stop there—FEASTIVAL Falls Creek is proud to showcase a diverse array of talent, from the North East locally grown to the stars of the world stage. Supporting acts for the ‘Feast de Resistance’ include Vaudeville Smash, The Maes, Savage Honey, Tuck Shop Ladies, Yours Georgina, Zoe Neilson and Kentone. All of this in an afternoon for just $50 per adult, $35 for 12-18yrs and under 12’s for free.

Stay tuned for additional announcements as more talent is unveiled in the weeks to come. There are more musicians and other surprises, up our sleeve as this event is set to deliver a memorable celebration of culture and creativity amidst the stunning alpine landscape of Falls Creek Resort.

Key Side Events:

Prepare for a night of non-stop laughter at the Comedy Night. Comedic dream team Geraldine Hickey, Jordan Barr, Concetta Caristo and Ben Kochan will have you in stiches from start to finish.

Invictus, a Melbourne string trio will enchant diners with their luminous sound at the Astra Degustation Lunch on Sunday. These women beautifully combine genres of music and redefine what classical string instruments can do.

Don’t miss out on this memorable event. Book your tickets and accommodation today! For more details visit feastival.fallscreek.com.au.

Posted in News
Posts navigation
← Rabbit and pest predator management in the Resort
Bogong High Plains Road Temporary Closure – January 7 →
Falls Creek Hosts Annual Victoria Police Alpine Emergency Response Training
August 21, 2026
Creating New Homes for Falls Creek’s Native Wildlife
July 10, 2026
Become a Falls Creek Ski Patroller
July 1, 2026
Flower of the Alpine Sun Officially Launched at Falls Creek
June 13, 2026
From Paper to Public Art, The Flower of the Alpine Sun arrives at Falls Creek
June 1, 2026
1 2 3  32 Next »

© 2024 Falls Creek Alpine Resort

Discover Falls Creek
Employment
Terms & Conditions
Alpine Resorts Victoria
Corporate Site
Contact Us
FAQ
Dog Policy
Media Policy
Privacy Policy
Child Protection Policy

Follow us on socials

Our Sponsors:

Falls Creek Alpine Resort acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout the Alpine Region of Victoria. We recognise the connection to lands, waters and communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander cultures; and to Elders past, present and emerging.
