URL: https://www.fallscreek.com.au/falls-creek-celebrates_bhp-road-reopening/
TITLE: Falls Creek Alpine Resort Celebrates Full Reopening of Bogong High Plains Road One Week Ahead of Winter - Falls Creek Alpine Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:28:49.058Z

Skip to content
Discover Falls
Summer Activities
Plan Your Trip
Current Conditions
What's On
VISIT IN SUMMER
VISIT IN WINTER
Falls Creek Alpine Resort Celebrates Full Reopening of Bogong High Plains Road One Week Ahead of Winter
May 27, 2024

Falls Creek Alpine Resort Celebrates Full Reopening of Bogong High Plains Road One Week Ahead of Winter

Falls Creek Alpine Resort is delighted to announce the complete reopening of Bogong High Plains Road, a crucial link connecting our alpine wonderland to visitors, locals, and businesses. After an arduous 18-months since the state’s largest landslip in 40 years, this iconic northeast tourist route is once again welcoming two-way traffic!

A Monumental Effort

An emotional day for our community, we extend our heartfelt gratitude to Major Road Projects Victoria and Whelan’s Group Investments for their monumental efforts. This project posed significant challenges, with a monster landslide standing 70 meters tall and 100 meters wide, effectively blocking the sole winter access road to Falls Creek. Over the past 18 months, dedicated crews worked tirelessly, battling harsh weather conditions and snow season deadlines. They successfully removed over 600,000 tonnes of material and reinforced the slope to prevent a recurrence of this event.

Just before the 2023 season, crews managed to open a single lane with traffic control measures and minor delays in place. Now, just one week before the 2024 winter season begins, we are thrilled to restore full access to the resort, and our region, a significant economic contributor, can safely facilitate year-round visitation.

“The Falls Creek community is incredibly thankful to the Whelan’s team and Major Road Projects for the work to restore access to Australia’s premier all-season resort. Our visitors and guest have been extremely patient and supportive through what has been a very challenging period for the resort, our businesses, and our community. The increased safety and improvements to the road infrastructure will support our expectations of a bumper winter season and provide confidence in planning for summer 2024 and 2025.” Said Falls Creek COO Stuart Smythe

Ski season preparations.

Bustling with preparations for another fantastic season, the past summer has seen substantial investments in new car parking, restaurant upgrades and additional infrastructure to improve the overall guest experience. With temperatures dropping in recent weeks, the Falls Creek Snowmaking teams have been hard at work blanketing Victoria’s Largest Ski Resort with a solid snow base ready for opening on King’s Birthday Weekend. The snow season opening has become a highly anticipated tradition, drawing guests from far and wide. The village atmosphere comes alive with an array of events, family activities, live music, restaurant openings, and snow sports!

From now until October, the resort will see approximately visitors in four short months, all eager to get on the slopes for another year. From downhill skiing and snowboarding to tobogganing, cross-country skiing and incredible dining experiences, Falls Creek is the place to be for a memorable winter holiday.

Posted in News
Posts navigation
← The countdown is on: One Month Until Winter!
53cm snowstorm brings 7 day snowfall to 80cm! →
Falls Creek Hosts Annual Victoria Police Alpine Emergency Response Training
August 21, 2026
Creating New Homes for Falls Creek’s Native Wildlife
July 10, 2026
Become a Falls Creek Ski Patroller
July 1, 2026
Flower of the Alpine Sun Officially Launched at Falls Creek
June 13, 2026
From Paper to Public Art, The Flower of the Alpine Sun arrives at Falls Creek
June 1, 2026
1 2 3  32 Next »

© 2024 Falls Creek Alpine Resort

Discover Falls Creek
Employment
Terms & Conditions
Alpine Resorts Victoria
Corporate Site
Contact Us
FAQ
Dog Policy
Media Policy
Privacy Policy
Child Protection Policy

Follow us on socials

Our Sponsors:

Falls Creek Alpine Resort acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout the Alpine Region of Victoria. We recognise the connection to lands, waters and communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander cultures; and to Elders past, present and emerging.
