URL: https://www.fallscreek.com.au/feastival-falls-creek-2025-line-up-announced-and-tickets-now-on-sale/
TITLE: FEASTIVAL Falls Creek 2025 | Line-up Announced and Tickets Now on Sale! - Falls Creek Alpine Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:28:55.727Z

Skip to content
Discover Falls
Summer Activities
Plan Your Trip
Current Conditions
What's On
VISIT IN SUMMER
VISIT IN WINTER
FEASTIVAL Falls Creek 2025 | Line-up Announced and Tickets Now on Sale!
December 12, 2024

Get ready to hit the high country at the end of February because the highly anticipated FEASTIVAL Falls Creek 2025 line-up is here, and it's nothing short of spectacular! With a mix of internationally renowned Aussie icons, North East local talent and some must-see rising stars, this is the event you won't want to miss.

Saturday’s Feast de Resistance music event is set to ignite the stage with headliners The Cat Empire, known for their electrifying jazzy energy that will have everyone on their feet! Joining them are Slowly Slowly and Budjerah, promising a stellar afternoon mix of pop, punk and indie rock. Throughout the day, you’ll discover the next big names in music with acts like Azure Ryder, Eliza and the Delusionals, Dylan Wright and Gaudion. Supporting this epic ensemble are a collection of the North East’s local talent including Ooz Music, Tahlia Brain, Zoe Neilson, Tash Poon and Kentone.

Program: The excitement doesn't stop at the music! The weekend is packed with a smorgasbord of activities, sights, eats, and drinks. Enjoy the always sold-out Comedy Night, explore the Maker’s Markets, admire the Art Exhibition, groove to DJ sets, and rejuvenate with wellness experiences like paint & sip, pilates, yoga, and sauna sessions. There's plenty for the little ones too, including circus workshops, arts & crafts and more!

Comedy Night: This year, hosted by the iconic Man Hotel, prepare for a night of non-stop laughter with comedic geniuses Lizzy Hoo, Sam Taunton, Dilruk Jaysinha and Sez. This event is notorious for selling out so jump on your tickets asap!

Food & Drinks: It’s called FEASTIVAL for a reason! Everywhere you go, you’ll be treated to the best food and drinks from the Northeast including the locally brewed Bright Brewery beers, Falls Creek’s very own Gin Distillery, the juiciest cuts from Albury’s Kennedy’s meats plus so much more.

Early Bird Tickets On Sale Now! Tickets to the main music event (Feast de Resistance) are just $65 for adults, $30 for kids (12-17) and just $10 for under 12s. Hurry because the early bird sale only lasts until January 10th 2025. Side events are sold separately so you can choose your own FEASTIVAL adventure.

“Falls Creek cannot wait to host this line-up of incredible artists and a huge weekend of non-stop activity for everyone. It’s the perfect weekend to get a taste of our spectacular alpine environment and see what the North East has to offer. To have a line-up of this calibre in Falls Creek is truly something special for our community and our visitors”. said Sarah Watt, Head of Visitor Experience at Alpine Resorts Victoria – Falls Creek.

Don’t miss out on this memorable event. Book your tickets and accommodation today! For more details visit feastival.fallscreek.com.au.

FEASTIVAL Falls Creek is proudly supported by the State and Commonwealth Governments.

Posted in News
Posts navigation
← Astra Falls Creek named Australia’s Best Ski Boutique Hotel for ninth consecutive year
2025 XCO & XCM Mountain Bike Race | Road & Trail Closures →
Falls Creek Hosts Annual Victoria Police Alpine Emergency Response Training
August 21, 2026
Creating New Homes for Falls Creek’s Native Wildlife
July 10, 2026
Become a Falls Creek Ski Patroller
July 1, 2026
Flower of the Alpine Sun Officially Launched at Falls Creek
June 13, 2026
From Paper to Public Art, The Flower of the Alpine Sun arrives at Falls Creek
June 1, 2026
1 2 3  32 Next »

© 2024 Falls Creek Alpine Resort

Discover Falls Creek
Employment
Terms & Conditions
Alpine Resorts Victoria
Corporate Site
Contact Us
FAQ
Dog Policy
Media Policy
Privacy Policy
Child Protection Policy

Follow us on socials

Our Sponsors:

Falls Creek Alpine Resort acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout the Alpine Region of Victoria. We recognise the connection to lands, waters and communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander cultures; and to Elders past, present and emerging.
