URL: https://www.bigskyresort.com/press-releases/big-sky-resort-drops-tram-charge-on-lift-tickets
TITLE: Big Sky Resort drops tram charge on lift tickets | Big Sky Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:25:08.667Z

Skip to main content
Opening for Winter Nov 25

Big Sky Resort is closed for the summer. Thanks for making it a great one—we'll see you this winter.

Big Sky Resort
Open conditions trails menu

58°F

Open or Close main menu
Home
Press Releases
Big Sky Resort Drops Tram Charge On Lift Tickets
AUGUST 26, 2024
BIG SKY RESORT DROPS TRAM CHARGE ON LIFT TICKETS

Big Sky, Mont., August 26, 2024 – Starting in the 2024-25 season, all Big Sky Resort lift tickets will include access to the iconic Lone Peak Tram.

The change comes after tram access was decoupled from lift tickets and select season passes in the 2021-22 season in an effort to keep wait times under 30 minutes on average and preserve the ski and tram experience.

The new Lone Peak Tram, which debuted in December 2023, offers several efficiencies that allow more access to the tram, including increased cabin capacity and a dedicated scenic rider line. Nearly a quarter of guests riding the tram last season utilized the new scenic ride option.

“The new tram has exceeded expectations in every way. We promised we would reevaluate the tram experience each year, and this move provides flexibility and value with our product lineup, while offering more guests access to Lone Peak,” said Troy Nedved, the resort’s General Manager.

Ikon, Mountain Collective, and select Big Sky passholders will continue to utilize Autocharge to access the tram. Tram rides will continue to be offered at $10-40 per ride, with scenic access always offered at a lower rate than ski access.

Mountain Operations will continue to carefully manage the number of riders per tram to maintain a smooth flow and optimal guest experience whether it be skiing and riding off the peak or taking in the view across three states.

Early bird lift ticket pricing is available now. Daily rates start as low as $56 per day in December and April. Guests who purchase before September 10 can secure lift tickets at the lowest prices all season long.

MEGAN MUNLEY
Big Sky Resort Public Relations Manager
megan.munley@bigskyresort.com
HELP
Help Center
Contact Us
Donation Requests
Lost & Found
SHOP
Online Shop
My Account
Gift Cards
BoyneRewards
Shop Logowear
RESORT
Resort Policies
Employment
Media & Press
Property Management
Partners
Donation Requests
Sustainability
Safety
Visit Big Sky, MT
NEWS & UPDATES

Sign up for the Big Sky Resort newsletter for deals, updates, and more.

Sign Up for Email
Sign Up for Texts
(800) 548-4486

50 Big Sky Resort Road
PO Box 160001
Big Sky, MT 59716

Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
X
YouTube
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell or Share
© Big Sky Resort 2026
