URL: https://www.campigliodolomiti.it/en/live-info/open-services
TITLE: Local facilities
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:35:32.182Z

 
 
 
 
LBL_VAI_AL_CONTENUTO_PRINCIPALE
LBL_VAI_AL_FOOTER
LOCAL FACILITIES

Here you can find the up-to-date situation on which services are open: bars, restaurants, mountain huts, sporting facilities and much more. 

During some periods of the year, not all facilities may be open. Check here to find out which services are open, mass times, and other information that varies with the seasons.

Key:  Open
	Rest areas and car parks in Valle del Chiese	

Location of the main rest areas and car parks in Valle del Chiese

	RV parking areas in Valle del Chiese	

The authorized parking areas for campers in Valle del Chiese

	Public libraries and reading points	

Public libraries and reading points in Val Rendena, Giudicarie Centrali an Valle del Chiese.

	Trauma center Campiglio	

APSS Orthopedic/Trauma first aid clinic in Madonna di Campiglio

	Val Rendena Churches	

Opening hours and dayy of the honly churches

	Dolomiten Medical Clinic	

Trauma centre located in Madonna di Campiglio in Via Cima Tosa, 64

	Pharmacies	

Location and opening hours of pharmacies from Madonna di Campiglio to Storo

	Lifts office	

Timetables, costs and operating program of the cable cars of the Campiglio Dolomiti di Brenta ski area

	Medical Service	

Medical Service for italian and foreign tourists in Pinzolo and in Madonna di Campiglio from 01.07.26 to31.08.26

	Holy Masses in Madonna di Campiglio and Val Rendena	

Hours of Holy Masses in Madonna di Campiglio and in Val Rendena

	Holy Masses in Valle del Chiese	

Hours of Holy Masses in the towns of the Valle del Chiese

	Emergency numbers	

112

	Nearest hospitals	

Nearest hospitals

	Parking areas in Madonna di Campiglio	

Parking and rates of the main rest areas in Madonna di Campiglio

	Pro Loco	

Contact of the Pro Loco offices of Val Rendena, the Giudicarie Centrali and the Valle del Chiese

WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE?

If you didn't find the information you were looking for, contact us.

Request information
LIVE INFO TODAY
0 / 177 Ski lifts and slopes
15 / 15 Infrastructure
 Weather forecast
 Webcam
 Traffic news
KEEP IN TOUCH, STAY TUNED

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive our news from Madonna di Campiglio: events and special dates, holiday ideas, and our top tips on skiing, hiking, bike routes, natural wellness and much more — all this with just a click!

Subscribe to the newsletter
     
Transparent administration
Opening hours
Our team
Download
Privacy
Cookies
Cookies preferences
Accessibility Statement
Credits

© Madonna di Campiglio Azienda per il Turismo S.p.A. - OFFICIAL WEB SITE
Via Pradalago 4 – 38086 – Madonna di Campiglio (TN)
Tel +39 0465 447501 | info@campigliodolomiti.it | campigliodolomiti@pec.it
CAPITALE SOCIALE € 216.970,00 | p. iva - c.f. - i.v. Reg. Imp. TN n. 01854660220 | C.C.I.A.A. di TN R.E.A. n. 0182581 | © All rights reserved

Made in KUMBE with passion

Powered by FERATEL

You’re browsing for:

We (campigliodolomiti.it) and selected third parties (8) collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)” as specified in the cookie policy.

You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.

Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button to continue without accepting.

Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Sale of my personal information
Sharing of my personal information
Processing of my personal information for targeted advertising
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
