URL: https://www.campigliodolomiti.it/en/skiarea/inverno/dynamic-price
TITLE: Dynamic price
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:35:43.746Z

 
 
 
 
LBL_VAI_AL_CONTENUTO_PRINCIPALE
LBL_VAI_AL_FOOTER
Add to the wishlist
DYNAMIC PRICE
ADD THIS CONTENT TO YOUR WISH LIST

Put this page in your wish list! Create your holiday itinerary, save it for later or share it 

ADD TO THE WISHLIST OK, GOT IT
ONLINE DAILY AND MULTI-DAY PASSES: MORE QUALITY, LESS QUANTITY

The price of the daily and multi-day ski pass is no longer fixed, but dynamic, a bit like airline tickets. If purchased in advance and online, the ski pass will have an advantageous price, discounted up to 20% (depending on the season), compared to the ticket purchased on the spot the same day, which will then increase following the approach of the maximum capacity of the slopes and of the ski area lifts.

The best price also includes the "Protected Skipass" insurance which will reimburse the skier if, at the last moment, he gives up the day of skiing. The reasons, proven, are contemplated in the insurance policy.

Skiarea Campiglio Dolomiti di Brenta has chosen, in advance of everyone, to invest in the quality of the ski experience, with the aim of contributing to improving guest-skier satisfaction and safety on the slopes.

Buy your ski pass

INFORMATION & CONTACTS
Skiarea Campiglio Dolomiti di Brenta

info@ski.it
Website

Request information
KEEP IN TOUCH, STAY TUNED

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive our news from Madonna di Campiglio: events and special dates, holiday ideas, and our top tips on skiing, hiking, bike routes, natural wellness and much more — all this with just a click!

Subscribe to the newsletter
     
Transparent administration
Opening hours
Our team
Download
Privacy
Cookies
Cookies preferences
Accessibility Statement
Credits

© Madonna di Campiglio Azienda per il Turismo S.p.A. - OFFICIAL WEB SITE
Via Pradalago 4 – 38086 – Madonna di Campiglio (TN)
Tel +39 0465 447501 | info@campigliodolomiti.it | campigliodolomiti@pec.it
CAPITALE SOCIALE € 216.970,00 | p. iva - c.f. - i.v. Reg. Imp. TN n. 01854660220 | C.C.I.A.A. di TN R.E.A. n. 0182581 | © All rights reserved

Made in KUMBE with passion

Powered by FERATEL

You’re browsing for:

We (campigliodolomiti.it) and selected third parties (8) collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)” as specified in the cookie policy.

You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.

Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button to continue without accepting.

Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Sale of my personal information
Sharing of my personal information
Processing of my personal information for targeted advertising
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
