URL: https://www.serfaus-fiss-ladis.at/en/winter-holiday/ski-pass-prices
TITLE: Ski pass calculator & prices | Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis ski area
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:44:32.364Z

Our website uses cookies

For more information on cookies, please see this cookie banner and our privacy policy. Click on "Allow all cookies" to accept all cookies (including cookies from third party providers that may be based in the USA and which may result in data being transferred to the USA) or click on "Accept settings" to allow only those cookies that are absolutely necessary for the operation and function of the website. You can revoke your consent in the settings at any time with effect for the future. Privacy statement Legal notice

Show details
Only technically necessary cookies
Allow all cookies
Skip to main content
Skip to table of contents
Skip to main navigation
sr.table-of-contents
Ski pass prices
Ski pass calculator
Information about the Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis guest card
Experience Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis!
Menu
Search
mySFL
Ticket shop
Dates
Please select
Guests
2 Adults
 Accommodation
Find accommodation
Ticket & Voucher Shop
Webcams
9°C/20°C
11/11
Home
Winter holiday
Ski pass prices
Prices for ski passes
All at a glance

Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis is one of the largest family ski areas in Austria and offers plenty of space for fun and action in the snow. Skiing, snowboarding or freestyle – winter adventures are guaranteed on the high plateau!

Whether a day ski pass, multi-day pass, single or young family ticket, with or without a guest card – find the right ticket now for a unique slope experience in Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis.

Want to calculate your ski pass price? No problem with our ski pass calculator below.

Ski pass prices
Ski pass calculator
Information about the guest card
Ski pass prices
with guest card

With your guest card you benefit from reduced ski pass prices in Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis. Find all current rates here.

Ski pass prices with guest card
without guest card

Even without a guest card you can enjoy the full slope experience in Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis. Here you will find all current ski pass prices.

Ski pass prices without guest card
Ski pass calculator

With the ski pass calculator you can quickly and easily find the right rate for your ski day in Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis.

Simply choose whether you want to calculate the price with or without a guest card. You can also specify the appropriate age group – child, teen, adult or senior.

This way you immediately get an overview of the price of your desired ski pass.

Tip: If you are looking for a special ticket or have any questions, the team at the cable car ticket offices will be happy to help you.

Go to the ski pass calculator
Information about the Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis guest card

You will automatically receive the Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis guest card when you book accommodation in Serfaus, Fiss or Ladis.
From just one overnight stay, the card is issued to you directly by your host.

With the guest card you benefit from numerous advantages – e.g. on ski passes, cable cars, public mobility and many other offers in the region.

Information on the ski pass categories Winter 2026/27:

Adults: born 1963 to 2007
Children: born 2012 to 2020 (ID required)
Teenagers: born 2008 to 2011 (ID required)
Seniors: ladies and gentlemen born 1962 or earlier (ID required)

Children born 2021 or later are transported free of charge in accordance with the transport regulations.

The detailed cable car conditions can be found here
Discover our ski area
Ski schools & courses
Current weather report
Avalanche report
Ski huts & restaurants
Ski rental & ski depots
Experience Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis!
More than just a Holiday
mySFL 
Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis App

Your digital service of the Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis region.

To the mySFL app
Vouchers
Gift vouchers

Find the perfect voucher for every occasion!

To the voucher shop
Accommodation
Accommodation in the region

Find the perfect accommodation for your holiday.

To the accommodation search
Always be informed
News, offers & events
Subscribe to the newsletter
About us
Jobs
Newsletter
Arrival
Contact

Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis Tourist Board
Gänsackerweg 2
6534 Serfaus

+43/5476/6239
info@serfaus-fiss-ladis.at
mySFL-Account
English
Legal notice
Data protection
GTC
GTC of the Hotel industry
Local tax
Declaration of accessibility
