URL: https://www.serfaus-fiss-ladis.at/en/region-and-travel-information/the-villages/serfaus
TITLE: Discover Serfaus in Tirol | Family holidays, mountains & adventures
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:44:44.046Z

Our website uses cookies

For more information on cookies, please see this cookie banner and our privacy policy. Click on "Allow all cookies" to accept all cookies (including cookies from third party providers that may be based in the USA and which may result in data being transferred to the USA) or click on "Accept settings" to allow only those cookies that are absolutely necessary for the operation and function of the website. You can revoke your consent in the settings at any time with effect for the future. Privacy statement Legal notice

Show details
Only technically necessary cookies
Allow all cookies
Skip to main content
Skip to table of contents
Skip to main navigation
sr.table-of-contents
Good to know about the village of Serfaus
Historic Serfaus
Serfaus underground
Experience Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis!
Menu
Search
mySFL
Ticket shop
Dates
Please select
Guests
2 Adults
 Accommodation
Find accommodation
Ticket & Voucher Shop
Webcams
9°C/20°C
11/11
Home
Region & getting there
The villages of Serfaus, Fiss & Ladis
Serfaus
Serfaus in Tirol
Enjoy the sun terrace

Nature has truly been generous: on a sun-drenched terrace, surrounded by breathtaking mountain scenery, lies the small community of Serfaus in Tirol with its 1,200 inhabitants. At this wonderful place at 1,427 metres, families, food lovers and sports enthusiasts enjoy the unique atmosphere in both summer and winter.

Good to know
Die Geschichte
Serfaus underground
Blog article about Serfaus
Good to know about the village of Serfaus
Traffic-calmed village
Home to the world’s highest air-cushion underground – the Serfaus underground
Located on the “sun terrace”, about 500 metres above the Inntal valley
With more than 7.000 guest beds, the strongest tourism centre in the Oberes Gericht area of Tirol
Altitude: 1.427 metres above sea level
Population: around 1.200
Learn more about the village of Serfaus
Historic Serfaus

Fancy a little history lesson about Serfaus? Then listen up! In 15 BC, the Romans conquered the region of Tyrol. Ancient historians referred to the Alpine inhabitants of that time as “Raetians”. As the Raetians and Romans mixed over the centuries, the Romansh people emerged.

Did you know? To this day, the Romansh language can still be traced in many place names, hamlet names and field names. From the 6th century onwards, the Baiuvarii - the ancestors of the later Bavarians, Austrians and South Tyroleans - settled in the region. The beautiful mountain village also attracted a few Walsers. In the 12th century, the Romansh language was eventually completely displaced.

Discover the many facets of the holiday region on the high plateau and come to family-friendly Serfaus!

A multifaceted family ski area

For decades, Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis has ranked among the top ski resorts in Europe. In Serfaus, this is due on the one hand to its unbeatable infrastructure. The traffic calming of the village streets allows visitors to breathe freely: no noise, no dirt, no stress. The Serfaus underground takes holidaymakers comfortably from A to B. On the other hand, Serfaus in Tirol offers a wide variety of leisure opportunities for the whole family.

Discover winter holidays
Play paradise for children – summer and winter alike

One thing is certain: boredom is never an option in Serfaus! Little winter sports beginners will have plenty of fun learning to ski in the Murmli Park or the Kinderschneealm. In summer, adventures continue in the Hög Adventure Park or at Georama Lassida. Varied days are also guaranteed at the Murmliwasser, on the Murmliweg and with the Serfauser Sauser.

To the family experiences
Serfaus underground
The central transport hub

The underground is the heart of Serfaus. The driverless, cable-propelled air-cushion train runs beneath the Dorfbahnstraße in Serfaus. It connects the car park in the eastern part of the village with the cable car base station in the west of Serfaus. When it was opened in 1985, the heavy traffic in the village became a thing of the past.

With the commissioning of the Serfaus underground, a driving ban was introduced in the municipality. Guests are permitted to drive to their accommodation by car on their day of arrival. During their stay, the use of vehicles within the village (e.g. for shopping trips, trips to the cable car …) is prohibited. Excursions outside Serfaus are permitted. This driving ban applies during both the winter and summer seasons. Checks are carried out by the Serfaus municipal police.

Since summer 2015, there has also been a shared space zone in Serfaus.

Baublog Bergbahnen
Andrea / 07/08/2019
U-Bahn Serfaus - Ein Rückblick - Teil II
Eine U-Bahn in den Bergen? Klingt wie eine Geschichte aus tausendundeiner Nacht. In Serfaus wurde sie aber tatsächlich gebaut. Dabei kam es durchaus zu der einen oder anderen Kuriosität. Einheimische, Verantwortliche und Bauarbeiter berichten von den damaligen Ereignissen.
Read more
Berge erleben
Rosanna / 31/10/2024
Flurnamenkarte Serfaus: Die Vergangenheit fest verortet
Weißt du, wo in Serfaus die „Beitlr Umkehr“ ist? Oder die „Mullawiesa“? Oder hast du schon einmal das „Beischl Köpfla“ erwandert? Wer jetzt nicht genau sagen kann, wo diese drei Plätze verortet sind, wirft am besten einen Blick in die Flurnamenkarte Serfaus: Die beiden Serfauser Georg und Julian Mangott haben sie in jahrelanger Arbeit erarbeitet und konnten mehr als 1000 Verschiedene überlieferte Ortsbezeichnungen festlegen. Entstanden ist so nicht nur eine Karte, sondern ein Zeitdokument.
Read more
Baublog Bergbahnen
Rosanna / 21/12/2023
Alle einsteigen! Die neue Komperdellbahn ist eröffnet
Vor wenigen Tagen war es endlich soweit: Das Skigebiet Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis hat die Wintersaison eröffnet und damit drehte auch die neue Komperdellbahn zum ersten Mal offiziell ihre Runden. Das größte Bauprojekt in der Geschichte der Seilbahn Komperdell GmbH konnte mit dem Saisonstart erfolgreich abgeschlossen werden. Und das heißt: Höchste Zeit für eine Probefahrt!
Read more
Experience Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis!
More than just a Holiday
mySFL 
Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis App

Dein Digitalservice der Region Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis.

Die mySFL App
Gutscheine
Gutscheine schenken

Finde den perfekten Gutschein für jeden Anlass! 

Zum Gutscheinshop
Unterkünfte
Unterkünfte in der Region 

Finde die perfekte Unterkunft für deinen Urlaub.

Zur Unterkunftssuche
Always be informed
News, offers & events
Subscribe to the newsletter
About us
Jobs
Newsletter
Arrival
Contact

Serfaus-Fiss-Ladis Tourist Board
Gänsackerweg 2
6534 Serfaus

+43/5476/6239
info@serfaus-fiss-ladis.at
mySFL-Account
English
Legal notice
Data protection
GTC
GTC of the Hotel industry
Local tax
Declaration of accessibility
