URL: https://www.princehotels.com/en/ski/myoko_kogen/
TITLE: Myoko Suginohara Nagano - PRINCE SNOW RESORTS - Seibu Prince Hotels & Resorts - Official website
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:37.048Z

Prince Snow Resorts
Ski Resort Usage Terms
Standards on Snow Sports Safety
Over View
THE MOUNTAIN
Photo Gallery
Mountain Map
Tickets
Lessons and Guides
Rentals
Restaurants
Ikon Pass
RESORT LIFE
Photo Gallery
Accommodation
Dining
Hot Springs
Shopping
Sightseeing
Access
Facebook & Special Contents
Ski Resort Usage TermsStandards on Snow Sports SafetyPrince Snow Resorts Top
ENGLISH
簡体中文
繁體中文
한국어
日本語
Myoko Suginohara Niigata
Enjoy a magnificent view and Japan's longest ski trail!

Myoko Suginohara is a long and wide ski area that is spread at the foot of Mt. Myoko. It offers various trails including 8.5km run and also ungroomed powder slopes with 100% natural snow. At the summit on fine days, you can overlook a distant view of Mt. Fuji. There are some guest houses around the ski resort, and many hotels and Japanese inns in Akakura Area which is a 10 min drive from the ski resort.

2026-2027 Season

Scheduled to open on December 12, 2026 (Sat) (tentative)

MOUNTAIN INFORMATION

PLACE

Weather Forecast
Access Information
What`s New

For the latest information, please click "See Translation" below the post.

THE MOUNTAIN
RESORT LIFE
Photo Gallery
 
Mountain Map
 
Tickets
 
Lessons and Guides
 
Rentals
 
Restaurants
 
Ikon Pass
Photo Gallery
Previous
Next
Mountain Map

Map DownLoad

Myoko Suginohara Trails

Myoko Suginohara is one of four resorts that make up Mt. Myoko. That ski hill has a massive 1,124m vertical drop and the mountain receives up to 13m of snow per year, and it allows to have great opportunities to experience Japan’s famous powder. There are a diverse range of trails, as well as a terrain park. The ski resort also provides breathtaking views of Lake Nojiri, the surrounding mountains, and even Mt. Fuji on a clear day!

Difficulty of Terrain & Elevation

Difficulty of Terrain

Elevation

Peak	1,855m
Vertical Descent	1,124m
Base	731m
Trail Information	
Myoko Suginohara Lifts	
Tickets
Tickets	
Lessons and Guides
Lessons

“Prince Snow School Myoko Suginohara” offers a variety of lessons for children and adults, with instruction conducted in Japanese. Ski and snowboard lessons in Chinese are available at the “Prince Snow School”. Ski and snowboard lessons in English are available at Myoko Snow Sports.

Lesson Information	
Rentals

Myoko Suginohara Ski Resort offers the latest models of ski and snowboard rental gear at the base station’s center area.

Rentals	
Restaurants
* All photos are sample images only.
Restaurants on the ski hill

[Sanroku Restaurant Myoko]
A casual restaurant at the bottom of the ski area offering a menu featuring local products.

[Restaurant Alyeska]
You can choose your favorite dish from the big menu list. Next to the 1st parking lot.

[Diner Misa Myoko Suginohara]
Traditional flavor cultivated over 60 years in business. Enjoy miso ramen from Misa, a Joetsu Myoko specialty.

[SUGINOHARA BASE]
Enjoy authentic coffee at this stylish café.

[Mitahara Shokudo Area]
Many casual restaurants stand together in one area near the gate of the Mitahara 2nd High-speed Lift.

Myoko Suginohara Ski Resort Joins Ikon Pass from Winter 2025

Myoko Suginohara Ski Resort will be included in Ikon Pass, a global multiresort season pass for the world's top ski resorts operated by Alterra Mountain Company (Head Office: Denver, Colorado, USA) Originating in the United States, the Ikon Pass membership service is a premier global season pass for approximately over 70 world-class ski destinations across North America, Europe and beyond.

Details of Ikon Pass

[About Ikon Pass]
A global season pass for the world's leading ski resorts.
(There are three types of passes with different numbers of days of usage for each facility and different blackout dates.)
Affiliated locations: Over 70 mountain destinations * As of October 22, 2025 Member resort locations: Deer Valley Resort (Utah), Steamboat (Colorado),Mammoth Mountain (California), Niseko United (Japan), Jackson Hole Mountain Resort(Wyoming, USA), Aspen Snowmass (Colorado), and more Details: Ikon Pass (Allows access to all destinations and up to 7 days at each facility.)
Other plans also available: Ikon Base Pass and Ikon Session Pass
Advantages: Discounted lift tickets for family and friends, tour benefits, etc.
Ikon Pass Website

[Ikon Pass member resorts list]
- Please see the list below.
Official Website and purchase page

[FAQ　Ikon Pass at Myoko Suginohara]

Q. How do I use my Ikon Pass at Myoko Suginohara?
・Simply bring your Ikon Pass to the lift gates. It will be scanned directly for access to skiing and snowboarding.
・If your Ikon Pass has not been delivered before your visit, please go to one of the Myoko Suginohara ticket counters and present your pass details
　(digital pass or confirmation with pass number) together with your ID.
・If your Ikon Pass cannot be scanned at the gates, please bring it to a ticket counter where we can issue a local lift pass.
　※ The pass holder must come in person.

Q. Do I need to make a reservation online?
・No reservations are required to ski at Myoko Suginohara. Just bring your Ikon Pass and head straight to the gates.

Lift Tickets Book Now
Access

By Public Transportation

By Car or Taxi

From Airport

	
	
	

  
HomeFuranoShizukuishiHakkaisanMt.Naeba / NaebaMt.Naeba / KaguraMyoko SuginoharaShiga Kogen YakebitaiyamaKaruizawaManza Onsen
Autumn Season

Copyright © SEIBU PRINCE HOTELS WORLDWIDE INC. All rights reserved.
