URL: https://www.princehotels.com/en/ski/furano/
TITLE: Furano Hokkaido - PRINCE SNOW RESORTS - Seibu Prince Hotels & Resorts - Official website
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:30:05.461Z

Prince Snow Resorts
Ski Resort Usage Terms
Standards on Snow Sports Safety
Over View
THE MOUNTAIN
Photo Gallery
Mountain Map
Tickets
Lessons and Guides
Rentals
Activities
Restaurants
Ikon Pass
RESORT LIFE
Photo Gallery
Accommodation
Dining
Hot Springs
Shopping
Access
Facebook & Special Contents
Ski Resort Usage TermsStandards on Snow Sports SafetyPrince Snow Resorts Top
ENGLISH
簡体中文
繁體中文
한국어
日本語
Furano Hokkaido
Best powder resort in Hokkaido

Furano is the northernmost Prince Snow Resorts. The ski resort consists of 2 zones, Furano and Kitanomine, which have 28 trails in total. You can reach the summit directly by a 101 passenger Furano Ropeway and see a great view of the Daisetsu Mountain Range. Hot springs near the ski area and sightseeing in Furano town are also fun experiences.

2026-2027 Season

Scheduled to open on November 28, 2026 (Sat) (tentative)

MOUNTAIN INFORMATION

PLACE

Weather Forecast
Access Information
Live Camera
What`s New

For the latest information, please click "See Translation" below the post.

THE MOUNTAIN
RESORT LIFE
Photo Gallery
 
Mountain Map
 
Tickets
 
Lessons and Guides
 
Rentals
 
Activities
 
Restaurants
 
Ikon Pass
Photo Gallery
Previous
Next
Mountain Map

Snow Report Snow Safety Map DownLoad
Furano Trails

Furano Ski Resort is divided into the Furano Zone and Kitanomine Zone, which are connected at the top of the mountain by a common trail. The ski resort has a variety of terrain suitable for all levels of skiers from beginner to advanced. There are two magic carpet escalators accessed slopes for children. To challenge yourself, there are ungroomed powder runs and steep cruisers that have been used for FIS world cup races in the past.

Difficulty of Terrain & Elevation

Difficulty of Terrain

Elevation

Peak	1,074m
Vertical Descent	839m
Base	235m
Trail Information	
Furano Lifts

The Furano lift pass gives you access to the entire mountain.

Notice of lift suspension
Lifts	
Tickets
Note: “No Lift Ticket Misuse”
Tickets	
Lessons and Guides
Lessons

Furano offers a variety of lessons in English for skiers and snowboarders who are either getting on the mountain for the first time, or for the more experienced who are keen on fine-tuning their skills. Private lessons, group lessons, and children’s lessons are available from Furano Snow School and Furano International Snowsports School.

Overview of official ski/snowboard schools
Lessons	
Rentals

Located in both Prince Hotels, as well as in the Furano Zone Ropeway Station and the Kitanomine Zone Gondola Station.

Book rental gear online
Rentals	
Activities

[Snow Night Fantasy (Furano Kan Kan Mura)]
This is a fantasy village of snow and ice in front of the Shin Furano Prince Hotel. Here you can take a walk through the mystical forest at night, experience dog sledding, and enjoy snow rafting. Stop in at the Ice Café for a drink, or experience a snow tubing slide!

Dates: From late December to late February (planned)

[Furano Snowland]
Enjoy activities including banana boats, snow rafting and snowmobiles. Right in front of the Furano Zone and Shin Furano Prince Hotel. Open every day from 9:00 A.M. until noon, and from 1:00 P.M. to 4:00 P.M.

Dates: From mid-December to late March (planned)

[First Tracks]
Experience the thrill of first tracks on perfectly groomed corduroy early in the morning before others have had a chance to go up the mountain. Advance reservation is required by 5:00 P.M. the night before.
Date: End of year and New Year, Specific days during January and February

[FURANO bonchi powder First Track with Photo Session 2026]
https://www.princehotels.com/en/ski/experience/furano.html

Reservation deadline: 5:00 PM 7 days before the date of use
Dates: Thursday, January 8, 2026, Thursday, January 15, 2026, Thursday, January 22, 2026, Thursday, January 29, 2026
First Track Location: Furano Zone Summit Start
First track time: 6:30 AM (start of skiing)
Meeting time: 6:00 AM (Meet at Furano Ropeway base station)
Price per person: 25,000 yen (Payment must be made at the hotel front desk.)
Number of participants: 2 to 8 people per session (minimum 2 people required for operation)

Make your reservation below.
https://inquiry.talkappi.com/?f=princehotels-shinfurano-hp&id=a744630c8b5c293a

[Fun Races]
There will be several fun races through the winter season. "Furanon Trial Race", "Pond Skimming Race" and other fun snow races. Both skiers and snowboarders are welcome to join. Information available at ticket offices or our official Facebook page !

Restaurants
Restaurants on the ski hill

Furano Zone

[Ramen Restaurant ”Hokkaido Tomikawa”]
Branch of famous ramen restaurant in Furano has opened at Furano Ropeway bottom station. There are table seats and counter seats. Feel free to come and enjoy the wide variety of ramen.

[Restaurant Downhill]
A casual log house-style restaurant located near the Furano ropeway station.

Kitanomine Zone

[New Restaurant (2F) ”Ezo no Ajidokoro Cise”]
Please enjoy the local gourmet from the Furano area on the 2nd floor of the Kitanomine gondola terminal.

[New Restaurant (1F) ”Furano Curry Jam”］
Branch of famous curry restaurant in Furano has opened on the first floor of the Kitanomine Gondola terminal. Feel free to come and enjoy the wide variety of foods.

Furano Ski Resort Joins Ikon Pass from Winter 2025

Click here to see details for Furano bonchi powder

Furano Ski Resort will be included in Ikon Pass, a global multiresort season pass for the world's top ski resorts operated by Alterra Mountain Company (Head Office: Denver, Colorado, USA) Originating in the United States, the Ikon Pass membership service is a premier global season pass for approximately over 70 world-class ski destinations across North America, Europe and beyond.

[About Ikon Pass]
A global season pass for the world's leading ski resorts.
(There are three types of passes with different numbers of days of usage for each facility and different blackout dates.)
Affiliated locations: Over 70 mountain destinations * As of October 22, 2025 Member resort locations: Deer Valley Resort (Utah), Steamboat (Colorado),Mammoth Mountain (California), Niseko United (Japan), Jackson Hole Mountain Resort(Wyoming, USA), Aspen Snowmass (Colorado), and more Details: Ikon Pass (Allows access to all destinations and up to 7 days at each facility.)
Other plans also available: Ikon Base Pass and Ikon Session Pass
Advantages: Discounted lift tickets for family and friends, tour benefits, etc.
Ikon Pass Website

[Ikon Pass member resorts list]
- Please see the list below.
Official Website and purchase page

[FAQ　Ikon Pass at Furano Ski Resort]

Q. How do I use my Ikon Pass at Furano Ski Resort?
・Simply bring your Ikon Pass to the lift gates. It will be scanned directly for access to skiing and snowboarding.
・If your Ikon Pass has not been delivered before your visit, please go to one of the Furano Ski Resort ticket counters and present your pass details
　(digital pass or confirmation with pass number) together with your ID.
・If your Ikon Pass cannot be scanned at the gates, please bring it to a ticket counter where we can issue a local lift pass.
　※ The pass holder must come in person.

Q. Do I need to make a reservation online?
・No reservations are required to ski at Furano Ski Resort. Just bring your Ikon Pass and head straight to the gates.

Lift Tickets Book Now

Hotel Book Now

Access

By Public Transportation

By Car or Taxi

From Airport

	
	
	

  
HomeFuranoShizukuishiHakkaisanMt.Naeba / NaebaMt.Naeba / KaguraMyoko SuginoharaShiga Kogen YakebitaiyamaKaruizawaManza Onsen
Summer Season
Autumn Season

Copyright © SEIBU PRINCE HOTELS WORLDWIDE INC. All rights reserved.

Regarding children's accommodations
activities
recommendation events and Fairs
Book your dinner buffet here
Click here for directions to the hotel.

Do you need any help?

CHAT
