URL: https://www.skipassmeribelmottaret.com/en
TITLE: Official ski pass for the 3 Valleys and Méribel Mottaret
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:24.652Z

My account
My cart
En
Buy your Méribel and 3 Vallées ski passes
Buy
Our most popular
3 Vallées packages
Let's ride for
6 days
6 day ski pass
3 vallées
€421 / adult
The 6 day package is now avaible for the 5 price. Take advantage!
Buy
Ski with
your family
Family Pass
3 vallées or Méribel
From 3 skiers
1 to 2 adults maximum & 1 to 6 juniors maximum
Show more
Do you ski saturday?
Saturday 3 Vallées
3 vallées
20% discount
Recharge your ski pass before Friday, 11:59 p.m.
Show more
A 3 Vallées ski pass for everyone
Discover
All ski pass offers

Skiing or snowboarding in Méribel with your family, partner or your friends? Discover the 3 Vallées Family Ski Pass, 3 Vallées Liberté Ski Pass ... We have a choice of ski passes to suit YOUR ski trip. There's a good deal for everyone!

Learn more
A Méribel ski pass for everyone
Discover
All ski pass offers
Are you planning to ski in the Méribel valley? Discover all the Méribel ski pass options to make the most of the area, whatever your level or the length of your stay. Choose the package that suits you best and enjoy direct and easy access to the resort’s ski slopes.
Learn more
3 Vallées in live
0
/0
Lifts
0
/0
Ski Slopes
Trail Map & Slope Openings
7°c
Morning
16°c
Afternoon
Weater report Meribel
0
cm
Base
0
cm
Top
View webcams Meribel & 3 Vallées
1
/5
null avalanche risk
Avalanche risk report Meribel-Mottaret
September 16, 2026
What's new for winter 2026-2027
News / Event
More surprises are in store for winter 2026-2027 in the 3 Valleys! Renovations, new attractions and a few unique touches will enhance the ski area this winter. Among the unmissable new features: Plattières cabins will be sporting new artworks for a ride with a difference… Let’s take a tour of what’s new for this winter on the slopes! 
Read the articleSee the blog

7 ski resorts

1 skipass

An unforgettable experience: ride the 3 Vallées

Breathtaking panoramic views, a sense of complete freedom, snow parks and freestyle zones for all levels, freeride in never-ending powder fields…

Never stop dreaming in the 3 Vallées ski area!

Discover the 3 Vallées
01Official Méribel ski pass
The official website to buy your lift pass for Méribel & the 3 Vallées
Buy your ski pass online on the official skipassmeribelmottaret.com website and be first on the slopes in Méribel or the 3 Vallées! Whatever type of ski or snowboard holiday you are dreaming of - solo, in a group, for a few hours or a whole season - we have a good ski pass deal for you, with the best prices and discounts. Buy your ski pass online before your arrival and get straight out on the slopes of the 3 Vallées ski area. More time to have fun!
02Best ski pass prices
03Live information
Free pickup
Collect your skipass at the resort using our pickup machines (available at our ticket offices).
Free cancellation
By quick request (no later than the evening before your 1st day skiing), you can have your ski pass refunded or exchanged.
Contact
For more information, we are available by email at: contact@s3v.com For any complaints, please click here.
General
information
Ski area opening
Méribel
from 5 Decembre 2026 to 18 April 2027
3 Vallées
from 5 Decembre 2026 to 18 April 2027
Show pricing
Newsletter
Blog, inspiration, ski pass offers:
Stay in touch with the S3V!
Subscribe
Legal Notices
Find our legal notice, general terms & conditions, special terms and conditions - online sales and privacy policy.
More information
Sitemap
Find our site map here.
More information

Website weight reduced

Number of pictures reduced

ECO-CONCEPTION | This site has been eco-designed to minimize its environmental impact and maximize your shopping experience.
