URL: https://www.meribel.net/en/the-best-moments-of-the-winter-season/
TITLE: The best moments of the winter season - Méribel
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:38.644Z

This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Skip to content

Opening of the ski area 62 jours 17 heures

close
Explore
Stay
Ski
Agenda
What to do?
Practical
 Live
5°C
Webcams
Shuttles
Ski slopes
Book

Book Now 
Close the menu

Book Now 
The best moments of the winter season

April 29, 2026

Home > The best moments of the winter season

The sun is warming the fir trees. The snow is melting, giving way to flowering pastures. The marmots are starting to emerge.

Gone are the tracks in powder snow, the days filled with the sound of skis on snow, and the relaxing moments on a terrace overlooking the peaks. The days are getting longer and warmer, the landscape is bursting into colour, the slopes are empty and the mountains are silent… but our memories remain. Laughter still echoes within the walls of the chalets and memories are everywhere, in the streets and on the slopes.

To relive the magic, we’re taking you on a journey to remind you of the finest moments of this winter in Méribel. It was a season of unforgettable runs, spectacular events and lively evenings. Méribel shone brightly all winter long. And you were there. Let’s look back at an exceptional winter.

Fancy one last dose of nostalgia? See the best moments of the season on video.

 

The magic of the festive season in Méribel

The winter season always starts with the end of the year… And with a unique atmosphere, blending magic and traditions.

The magic of Christmas and its enchanting spectacles

During Christmas week, Méribel lit up to offer you a welcoming and festive Christmas atmosphere. Decorations, parades, shows and carols brought the streets to life ahead of the eagerly awaited arrival of Father Christmas. The 23rd of December featured the ice show La Fille du Marchand de Sable, the latest enchanting creation by Philippe and Olivia Candeloro.

New Year’s Eve: a dazzling evening to celebrate the New Year

New Year celebrations brought holidaymakers and locals together in a festive atmosphere at the heart of the resort. The evening began with a traditional ESF torchlight descent, which illuminated the ski slopes. It continued with a show by La Folie Douce and a DJ set on the Chaudanne. Then a countdown and fireworks created the perfect atmosphere to celebrate the New Year.

Major sporting events: thrills and performance

This winter, Méribel buzzed with excitement during top-level competitions. In January, the resort hosted a stage of the Para Alpine Skiing World Cup when the world’s best athletes competed on the legendary Roc de Fer slope. A large crowd was there to support para-skier Victor Pierrel, representing Méribel.

The competition season concluded with the French Mogul Skiing Championships. Following training sessions open to the public, spectators watched the individual events, the Single Moguls, before the finale featuring the Dual Moguls and the presentation of the French Championship titles.

Remarkable experiences

In Méribel, the season was enlivened by unique experiences combining gastronomy with special moments. This year in particular, the resort pulled out all the stops with Diners in the Air, a brand-new experience in the Saulire Express gondola lifts. For the occasion Laurent Azoulay, the Ekrin restaurant’s Michelin-starred chef, devised a menu accompanied by fine wines to create exceptional evening and a timeless experience.

Another highlight of the season for keen skiers was Last Track! A few lucky people were able to extend their day’s skiing into the sunset. They enjoyed a friendly drink, set to music, at the top of the mountains and then enjoyed a last descent down a specially groomed piste.

Shows, performances and music: Méribel gets its groove on

As every year, Méribel offered a rich and varied programme of lively evening entertainment throughout the winter. Among the highlights, the Jazz Variations festival brought January to life. The group Les Doigts de l’Homme, stars of modern gypsy jazz, combined virtuosity, creativity and infectious energy with their repertoire of acoustic and electric songs.

In February, Méribel hosted the first Paname Comedy Club Festival. Holidaymakers were treated to a series of shows never before seen in the mountains, bringing together several comedians each evening for a varied programme. The festival was notably marked by the appearance of Gad Elmaleh, this year’s special guest.

Finally, the traditional Soundclash marked the end of the winter season. French and British DJs went head-to-head in open-air battles, creating a lively party atmosphere, rounding off the winter season with music.

Winter has drawn to a close in Méribel. It was also a winter of exceptional snowfall, with dream conditions throughout the season. Méribel is now getting ready to welcome you this summer for more adventures, laughter and moments to treasure. A big thank you to everyone at the resort who makes these moments possible, and to you, who bring Méribel to life.

Blog and news

A ski holiday in the heart of Les 3 Vallées

The Art of Après-Ski in Méribel

A relaxing break in Méribel

Tell us what kind of skier you are, and we’…

Go to the blog
Share your moments in Méribel

And join us on social media

The 3 Vallées app: your travel assistant

Check out all the live information about the ski resort: map, events, activities, restaurants, shuttles, and car park....
Plan your day in the heart of the 3 Vallées ski area: opening conditions, weather forecast, webcams, and ski passes....

Subscribe to our newsletter

Receive the latest news by email

Your email

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Professionals
Groups and seminars
Tour Operators
Partners
Professionals in the Valley
Homeowners
Sponsors
Help
Practical information
Contact
Sponsors
Labels and partners
Contact us
Email
Tel
