URL: https://www.meribel.net/en/meribel-ski-area-opening-day/
TITLE: Méribel Ski Area Opening Day: What to Expect - Méribel
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:41.082Z

This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Skip to content

Opening of the ski area 62 jours 16 heures

close
Explore
Stay
Ski
Agenda
What to do?
Practical
 Live
5°C
Webcams
Shuttles
Ski slopes
Book

Book Now 
Close the menu

Book Now 
Méribel Ski Area Opening Day: What to Expect

October 20, 2025

Home > Méribel Ski Area Opening Day: What to Expect

The Méribel ski area opens its slopes on 6 December!

Join us at 9 a.m. for the opening of the lifts. Then, from 11:30 a.m., come and enjoy a festive day with brass bands, local food tastings and good cheer on the slopes. Come and celebrate the opening with us and enjoy some wonderful moments together! 

Get your ski pass
Go to Méribel

Program for the day

🪗 From 11.30am to 1.30pm: Discover Savoyard folklore!
The Tourist Office and the association “Alluétaise”, invite you to enjoy a warm, traditional atmosphere with Savoyard songs, accordion music and tastings of local products.

📍 From the Bouquetin chairlift, summit of Plattières

 

🍰 From 12 noon to 2pm: How about dessert on the slopes!

The chefs at La Folie Douce invite you to the slopes of Méribel-Mottaret to sample mouth-watering bite-sized desserts, accompanied by a brass band and with the iconic Dent de Burgin as a backdrop. 

📍 Meet at the Saulire chalet

 

🍷 From 4.30 to 6pm: Fancy a vin chaud! 

Meet us on the Mottaret snow front for a mulled wine tasting, to the sound of a brass band for a convivial atmosphere!

📍 We look forward to seeing you on the slopes of Méribel Mottaret.

Get your ski pass

Blog and news

The best moments of the winter season

A ski holiday in the heart of Les 3 Vallées

The Art of Après-Ski in Méribel

A relaxing break in Méribel

Go to the blog
Share your moments in Méribel

And join us on social media

The 3 Vallées app: your travel assistant

Check out all the live information about the ski resort: map, events, activities, restaurants, shuttles, and car park....
Plan your day in the heart of the 3 Vallées ski area: opening conditions, weather forecast, webcams, and ski passes....

Subscribe to our newsletter

Receive the latest news by email

Your email

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Professionals
Groups and seminars
Tour Operators
Partners
Professionals in the Valley
Homeowners
Sponsors
Help
Practical information
Contact
Sponsors
Labels and partners
Contact us
Email
Tel
