URL: https://www.meribel.net/en/lets-finish-off-winter-season/
TITLE: Lets finish the winter season together - Méribel
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:44.823Z

This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Skip to content

Opening of the ski area 62 jours 13 heures

close
Explore
Stay
Ski
Agenda
What to do?
Practical
 Live
5°C
Webcams
Shuttles
Ski slopes
Book

Book Now 
Close the menu

Book Now 
Lets finish the winter season together

March 29, 2024

Home > Lets finish the winter season together

Winter isn’t over yet!

This winter has given us unforgettable moments. Thanks to the hard work of everyone involved in the resort, a varied programme of cultural, musical, sporting and gastronomic events has given pleasure to our visitors of all ages.

The adventure continues! 🎉

To round off the 2024-25 season in style, the resort is going the extra mile to offer you a memorable end to the winter.

4 April 2025: The Soundclash

A DJ battle in the centre of Méribel ⚡

Cancel your plans for Friday April 4 and get ready to dance!

From 6pm, experience a duel between two DJs who challenge and respond to each other for an evening in the heart of Méribel-Centre, between the Taverne and the Abreuvoir.

Whether you’re with your family or friends, get in on the action and enjoy the unique party atmosphere.

Who’s going to raise the temperature? Join us on 4 April to find out!

📍 Route du Centre, 73550 Les Allues

Let the battle begin! 🎧

Closing nights in Méribel's bars
31 March: barmen's competition
The bartending competition is back for its fourth year at the Savoy! 🍸 Participants’ ingenuity will be put to the test: they’ll have to create refined, balanced and delicious cocktails without any compromise on taste.

📍 435, rue des Jeux Olympiques, Les Allues.

3,2,1… Sip and savour!

7 April: Karaoke night
Join us from 7.30pm in the Alpen Ruitor lounge and warm up your vocal chords for a karaoke closing party 🎤! You can also enjoy special prices on drinks, including cocktails.

📍200 Chem. des Bleuets, 73550 Meribel-Mottaret.

L'Alpen Ruitor

19 April: all-you-can-eat buffet
Celebrate the closing of the Rastro with their all-you-can-eat buffet! 🍽️
Once you’ve eaten your fill, carry on partying to the sound of DJ Bubble & Crisp from 3pm. Don’t miss this last afternoon of fun!

📍ZAC Le Chatelet, Méribel Mottaret.

Le Rastro

5 April 2025: Closing party at La Folie Douce Méribel

🌵 Get ready for the last duel of the season!

Are you ready to dance one last time before the final curtain falls?

La Folie Douce invites you to an epic, Far-West-themed finale. Put on your cowboy boots and Stetson, and enjoy the show with the best backdrop in the Alps.

So… saddle up and join the party! 🔥

Conditions are great for a memorable end to the winter season. There’s plenty to do in April to delight everyone, whether you’re holidaying with your family, partner or friends.

 

So, don’t wait, come to Méribel and be the last to enjoy the ski slopes.

Blog and news

The best moments of the winter season

A ski holiday in the heart of Les 3 Vallées

The Art of Après-Ski in Méribel

A relaxing break in Méribel

Go to the blog
Share your moments in Méribel

And join us on social media

The 3 Vallées app: your travel assistant

Check out all the live information about the ski resort: map, events, activities, restaurants, shuttles, and car park....
Plan your day in the heart of the 3 Vallées ski area: opening conditions, weather forecast, webcams, and ski passes....

Subscribe to our newsletter

Receive the latest news by email

Your email

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Professionals
Groups and seminars
Tour Operators
Partners
Professionals in the Valley
Homeowners
Sponsors
Help
Practical information
Contact
Sponsors
Labels and partners
Contact us
Email
Tel
