URL: https://www.meribel.net/en/best-moments-of-winter-season/
TITLE: The best moments of this winter season - Méribel
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:48.668Z

This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Skip to content

Opening of the ski area 62 jours 13 heures

close
Explore
Stay
Ski
Agenda
What to do?
Practical
 Live
5°C
Webcams
Shuttles
Ski slopes
Book

Book Now 
Close the menu

Book Now 
The best moments of this winter season

April 28, 2023

Home > The best moments of this winter season

Do you remember snowy mornings when the only sound was that of skis on fresh snow? Do you recall the warmth of an open fireplace after a day on the slopes?

Winter may be over, but its memories remain engraved in our minds.

We laughed, sang, danced and enjoyed every moment of this winter season in Méribel. Together, we experienced moments of happiness, excitement, sharing and profound emotions.

So join us in reliving the best moments of a magical winter in Méribel.

 

The resort opening: 7 December

We had been waiting for you…. ❄

The anticipation was palpable, and we couldn’t wait to welcome you back for a winter season full of surprises.

On 7 December, Méribel finally opened its doors, offering skiers and winter sports enthusiasts an unforgettable first day.

To celebrate the start of the season, we prepared a day of sport and gourmet delights: free breakfast, a Savoyard aperitif and even a chef working on a summit. The day ended in style with a sound and light show, accompanied by DJ sets 🪩.

 

Christmas holidays in the mountains
Fairy-tale moments ✨

Who hasn’t dreamt of spending the festive season in the snow, surrounded by your loved ones?

The streets lit by Christmas decorations, the sociable strolls around the resort and the reuniting of family and friends all created an atmosphere of magic and conviviality that enchanted young and old alike.

But the highlight of the festivities was undoubtedly the arrival of the New Year, with a smoking-hot show by La Folie Douce. An open-air disco, enlivened by the energetic Sandy Sax on the saxophone and the dancers, kept us dancing until the end of the night.

It was a night of joy and good humour! 🎷

All inclusive holiday Christmas ski
New Year’s Eve skiing in the French Alps

One of the most beautiful days of the season: 28 January

An indescribable feeling of freedom ☀️

On 28 January, Méribel displayed its finest coat of white, offering skiers the conditions they’d been dreaming of.

An azure blue sky, brilliant sunshine and fresh snow as far as the eye could see – conditions to thrill the heart of every skier.

That day, skiers and riders rediscovered the unique feeling of freedom that powder snow brings, an indescribable emotion that we can now relive together.

 

A video lookback on this wonderful day

Jazz Variations Festival: 2 to 23 January
When music enhances the summits 🎷

The Jazz Variations Festival was also one of the highlights of the winter season in Méribel. This second edition was a real success, with talented artists delighting audiences.

Jaz Dolorean, Elvett, Mounam and Erik Truffaz were the guests of honour at this festival, organised as part of the Parenthèses Culturelles programme.

The jazz evenings attracted large numbers of visitors looking for a chance to discover and share new music. The magic of jazz created a unique and convivial atmosphere that will live long in the memory.

A resort for champions: meeting Gaël Fickou and Cameron Woki

In January, we had the privilege of welcoming two iconic figures of the French national rugby team to the heart of Les 3 Vallées: Gaël Fickou and Cameron Woki.

As the Six Nations Tournament approached, the atmosphere heated up in the resort’s bars, where supporters gathered to cheer on their team as the matches were broadcast.

The excitement was even greater this year, as France brilliantly claimed victory in the 2025 edition of the tournament! 🏆🏉

The art of sushi in the mountains

Maya Altitude combines the perfection of Japanese cuisine with the majesty of the mountains.

From 8 February to 10 March, the renowned Thai-Japanese restaurant, MayaBay in Monaco, temporarily set up shop in Méribel to showcase its refined cuisine.

Through a selection of exceptional signature sushi, its talented chefs showcased the savoir-faire of Japanese gastronomy.

To mark the occasion, we had the chance to meet the sushi chef. He answered our questions with enthusiasm:

Is it a challenge to offer sushi at altitude?

Yes, because it’s a departure from Savoyard culinary traditions, where cheese and comfort food are king! But that’s exactly what makes it interesting: offering a fresher, lighter alternative. Customers are delighted with this diversity of flavours.

What is meant by exceptional sushi?

It’s all about the quality of the ingredients and respect for the produce. We select the best fish, such as the back and belly of tuna, which are very fatty and tasty. King salmon, a particularly melt-in-the-mouth salmon, is also a must. The rice also plays a key role: it must be prepared with care, respecting precise time and temperature rules. It’s this attention to detail that makes all the difference.

What’s your signature sushi?

The Mayabay Roll: a refined marriage of Gambero Rosso, asparagus and Japanese mayonnaise. At Mayabay, we work as a team, and each creation is the fruit of collaboration.

 

THE  MAYA ALTITUDE

Coup de théâtre
The magic of theatre in the heart of the mountains 🎭

Supported by Méribel Tourist Office’s Events and Events Department, the Coup de Théâtre Les Parenthèses Culturelles festival gave pride of place to culture in the resort.

During the month of March, we were invited to discover several plays, performed by talented artists from La Comédie des Alpes.

And the icing on the cake ? This year, the art of improvisation was on show! EFIT’s comedians entertained us with funny and unexpected improv. Talented teams matched wit against wit in various Méribel bars and in the Auditorium.

A metro between Méribel and Val Thorens? Our April Fool's joke in pictures

On 1 April, we organised a little joke for April Fool’s Day and announced the construction of a road tunnel linking the resorts of Val Thorens and Méribel.

Obviously, it was only a joke! To journey between these two resorts, you still have to use the pistes or go around the mountain by road.

This ski season at Méribel was indubitably a success. Great snow conditions, memorable cultural and sporting events, sunny days on the slopes and unforgettable moments with family and friends.

We all had the chance to experience some magical moments and create memories that we won’t ever forget.

Thank you, passionate skiers and mountain lovers, for your energy and loyalty.

Now it’s time to say goodbye to our snowy mountains. But it’s only an ‘au revoir’, because next winter we’ll have the chance to restart our love affair with snow, create new memories and experience new adventures.

See you soon, in the heart of the 3 Valleys! 👋🏾

Blog and news

The best moments of the winter season

A ski holiday in the heart of Les 3 Vallées

The Art of Après-Ski in Méribel

A relaxing break in Méribel

Go to the blog
Share your moments in Méribel

And join us on social media

The 3 Vallées app: your travel assistant

Check out all the live information about the ski resort: map, events, activities, restaurants, shuttles, and car park....
Plan your day in the heart of the 3 Vallées ski area: opening conditions, weather forecast, webcams, and ski passes....

Subscribe to our newsletter

Receive the latest news by email

Your email

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Professionals
Groups and seminars
Tour Operators
Partners
Professionals in the Valley
Homeowners
Sponsors
Help
Practical information
Contact
Sponsors
Labels and partners
Contact us
Email
Tel
