URL: https://www.meribel.net/en/autumn-in-meribel-a-season-worth-rediscovering/
TITLE: Autumn in Méribel: a season worth (re)discovering - Méribel
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:52.248Z

This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Allow all
Allow selection
Deny
Skip to content

Opening of the ski area 62 jours 13 heures

close
Explore
Stay
Ski
Agenda
What to do?
Practical
 Live
5°C
Webcams
Shuttles
Ski slopes
Book

Book Now 
Close the menu

Book Now 
Autumn in Méribel: a season worth (re)discovering

September 05, 2025

Home > Autumn in Méribel: a season worth (re)discovering

Summer is drawing to a close, winter is being prepared - and autumn is drawing in.

In Méribel, this supposedly low-key season transforms the valley into a riot of colour.  

Are you dreaming of silent walking paths, comforting dishes and being somewhere there’s nobody but you? Then you’ve come to the right place. Here, autumn is an invitation to slow down, make the most of every moment, and (re)discover the mountains in a new way. 

Rendez-vous with nature

Blazing red, coppery orange and brilliant yellow… The landscape is decked out in its most beautiful colours. The light is playing with the morning mist, the fir trees are reflected in the lake… 

Welcome to the Plan de Tuéda Nature Reserve. 

No crowds, no queues, no commotion. Just silence and nature. Wildlife is easier to spot at this time of year: you may see marmots, chamois, ibex, foxes, golden eagles, bearded vultures and perhaps more timid species such as alpine newts and grass frogs. This is a dream setting for keen photographers or simply for those who want to recharge their batteries!  

🍄 And for those of a more inquisitive nature, autumn is also the perfect time to discover mushroom picking.  

The walking paths in their autumn colours

There’s not a sound, apart from the crunch of leaves beneath your feet. The temperature is ideal, and a golden light is bathing the landscape… 

No, you’re not dreaming: you have the trails almost entirely to yourself. Whether you’re a keen hiker or trail runner, autumn is the perfect time to enjoy the trails, with postcard-worthy panoramas on the way!

And after all your exertions, reward yourself with delicious fresh mushrooms, melting cheeses and mulled wine. 

 

Places open this autumn

👉 The Refuge du Saut hike

Starting from the Plan de Tuéda Nature Reserve, this route will guide you to the high parts of the Vanoise National Park. The Refuge du Saut awaits you at an altitude of 2,100 metres, at the end of a climb often accompanied by the call of marmots! 

👉 Le Tour des lacs Mont Coua

This 7-hour hike will take you to six superb lakes on Mont Coua. With almost 1,000 metres of ascent, the climb is demanding, but the breath–taking panoramas are well worth the effort.

Continue your adventures on two wheels

In autumn, the cooler temperatures provide ideal conditions for road cycling. Now is the time to take full advantage of the Col de la Loze! Perched at an altitude of 2,304 metres, this legendary ascent, shared with Courchevel, features on several circular rides of up to 65km and with almost 2,000m of positive gradient. In this way, you’ll be able to admire a variety of incredible landscapes in their autumn colours.

And if you’re looking for thrills and speed, there are plenty of bike park trails to entertain you until the first snow arrives. Hop on your mountain bike and whizz down the many kilometres of varied terrain, with fast descents, tight bends and more technical sections. Enjoy a last session before the winter, in a spectacular setting that shouldn’t be missed.

🚵 Please note: the lifts are closed, but the trails are still accessible on electric mountain bikes or, for the brave, by pedal power!

 

⚠️ Keep an eye on the weather, which can change rapidly at altitude! Be prepared to adapt your outings accordingly. 

 

Not quite summer, not quite winter: autumn is a well-kept secret amongst mountain dwellers.  It’s a timeless season, full of charm and with a touch of magic. It’s a time for walking, cycling, enjoying relaxed meals, contemplating nature, but above all, taking your time. 

So this year, why not let the mountains surprise you too?  🍂 

Book
Blog and news

The best moments of the winter season

A ski holiday in the heart of Les 3 Vallées

The Art of Après-Ski in Méribel

A relaxing break in Méribel

Go to the blog
Share your moments in Méribel

And join us on social media

The 3 Vallées app: your travel assistant

Check out all the live information about the ski resort: map, events, activities, restaurants, shuttles, and car park....
Plan your day in the heart of the 3 Vallées ski area: opening conditions, weather forecast, webcams, and ski passes....

Subscribe to our newsletter

Receive the latest news by email

Your email

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Professionals
Groups and seminars
Tour Operators
Partners
Professionals in the Valley
Homeowners
Sponsors
Help
Practical information
Contact
Sponsors
Labels and partners
Contact us
Email
Tel
