URL: https://mountaincollective.com/the-mountain-collectivetm-pass-expands-to-27-resorts-with-the-addition-of-megeve-france-and-sunday-river-maine-for-the-2024-25-season/
TITLE: Sunday River and Megève Join The Mountain Collective
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:54:49.652Z

Skip to main content
Skip to footer
EN FR 
$USD
$CAD
$AUD
€EUR
 MY ACCOUNT
The Mountain CollectiveTM Pass Expands to 27 resorts with the Addition of Megève, France and Sunday River, Maine for the 2024-25 season.

The Mountain Collective™ Pass is thrilled to announce the expansion of its world-class ski resort network with the addition of two new destinations: Megève, France and Sunday River, Maine for the 2024-25 season, bringing the total number of resort partners to 27 worldwide. This season is the 14th year of the Mountain Collective Pass, which offers skiers and snowboarders unparalleled access to dream destinations around the world. 

Nestled in the French Alps, and only a 40 minute drive from Mountain Collective resort, Chamonix Mont Blanc, Megève is renowned for its exceptional skiing and charming village. With a rich history dating back to the 1920s, Megève is a massive ski area with 220 slopes on 400 kilometers of skiable terrain. Guests will discover skiing for all levels across the 8 peaks facing Mont Blanc along with an unrivaled epicurean ski experience that includes dining at one of the many acclaimed restaurants both on mountain and within the traditional village.

Sunday River, Maine

Set in Western Maine, Sunday River is one of New England’s largest and most popular ski resorts, conveniently located just three hours from Boston and Montreal. Known for its snowmaking and diverse terrain that caters to all skill levels, the resort offers 139 trails and glades across eight interconnected mountains. Recent additions, including two state-of-the-art Doppelmayr D-Line bubble lifts—Jordan 8 and Barker 6—and The Igloo, a one-of-a-kind ice lounge experience unique to the resort, are part of what makes Sunday River a standout destination.

“We are excited to welcome Megève and Sunday River to the Mountain Collective family,” said Todd Burnette, Chief Executive Officer for the Mountain Collective Pass. “These two world-class resorts complement our existing network perfectly, with Megève as an additional destination in France for our passholders planning their bucket-list worthy European ski adventure, and for Eastern US and Canadian skiers,  Sunday River ties in perfectly for weekend visits with our other Eastern resorts, Sugarloaf, Le Massif de Charlevoix and Bromont.”

With the addition of Megève and Sunday River, the Mountain Collective Pass now features 27 resorts spanning across five continents, with two days of skiing or snowboarding with no blackout dates at each resort, and a 50 percent discount on all additional days.

“We can’t wait to welcome Mountain Collective passholders from around the world to our beautiful resort,” remarked  Carole Lecomte, Sales Manager. “Megève has a wonderful mix of family skiing along with challenging slopes for experts and it is all part of a grandiose landscape with magnificent views of Mont-Blanc. When combined with a visit to Chamonix, only 40 minutes away, guests will enjoy the quintessential European ski vacation.”

“We’re thrilled to join the Mountain Collective and be part of such an impressive lineup of world-class resorts,” said Brian Heon, General Manager of Sunday River. “Our team is excited to welcome guests and share the unique experience that makes Sunday River a premier destination on the East Coast.”

BUY NOW

Footer
2026/27 MOUNTAIN COLLECTIVE PASSES NOW ON SALE LEARN MORE

Keep in Touch

Enter your email below to stay up to date on The Mountain Collective.

Email

*

First Name

Last Name

City

State

Country

SIGN UP

All passholders receive a complimentary 1-year Protect Our Winters membership.

TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
CALIFORNIA COLLECTION NOTICE
COOKIE POLICY
CONTACT US
PASS INSURANCE
FAQS
PRIVACY SETTINGS

ski / ride

use your pass

plan your trip

get inspired

about

learn more

my account / shop

current passholders + gear junkies

BUY NOW
HELP
