URL: https://www.perisher.com.au/tickets-passes/perisher-shop
TITLE: Tickets
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:38:50.828Z

LOWEST PRICE FOR 2027 ENDS 14 OCTOBER
Weather
	
My account
Snow Cams & Reports
Plan your Trip
Tickets & Passes
Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
BOOK NOW
Home
Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Tickets
PASSES & TICKETS
Perisher is closed for the 2026 season, we can't wait to welcome you back to discover your moment next winter. 

We offer a variety of lift access options to suit your needs. Whether you're after a season, single day lift ticket, multi-day lift ticket or a night skiing ticket, there are options available to you.

For more information and full terms and conditions, click here.

Front Valley
See the live feed
Up to 35% off — when you book ahead.

Buy now for the best price, then stay tuned to the live cams as your trip gets closer

BUY LIFT TICKETS
BOOK LESSONS
The 2027 Epic Australia Pass is on sale now! 

Secure your next season with the 2027 Epic Australia Pass. Lock in your Pass at the lowest price now for $1,099 with just $49 upfront for unlimited laps of Perisher in 2027. Lowest price for 2027 ends 14 October.

Lift Tickets

Find space to Discover Your Moment. At Perisher we offer a variety of lift access options to suit your needs. Whether you're after a season pass, single day lift ticket, multi-day lift ticket or a night skiing ticket, there are options available to you.

Which Lift Ticket is Right for Me?

Perisher offers a variety of lift access options to suit your needs. If you’re planning to ride more than 5 days this season, lock in unlimited access with an Epic Australia Pass. Want flexibility and great value? The Epic Australia 4-Day Pass might be for you. Not ready to commit just yet, single & multi-day lift tickets can be booked right up to the day you intend to ski or board.

Single & Multi-Day Lift Tickets

Single & multi-day lift tickets at Perisher provide lift access for a specified date or dates during the season.

Please note that single & multi-day lift tickets do not include lift access for night skiing and boarding on Tuesday and Saturday nights and these tickets must be purchased separately.

 Half Day Lift Tickets

Half day lift tickets at Perisher provide lift access for either morning or afternoon. 

A morning half day lift ticket will grant you access to all Perisher lifts from lift opening until 1pm (does not include Subaru WRX First Tracks). 

An afternoon half day ticket will grant you access to all Perisher lifts from 12pm until lift closing.
On Tuesdays and Saturdays your PM ticket also includes access to night skiing and boarding. 

 Night Skiing & Boarding Tickets

Night skiing & boarding at Perisher operates on Front Valley on select Tuesday and Saturday nights throughout the season.

Single & multi-day lift tickets do not include night skiing & boarding access, and tickets must be purchased separately. 

Epic Australia Pass and Epic Australia 4-Day Pass* holders receive free access to night skiing & boarding.

*Night skiing is free with the Epic Australia 4-Day Pass if you have already skied that day. If not, night skiing counts as one of your 4 days.

 Over 70's Season Pass

Over 70's season passes can be purchased online for unlimited access to all of Perisher, Falls Creek, and Hotham for the season. 

The pass is available to any person aged 70 and over and is available to purchase all season long. 

Please note, the Over 70's Season Pass is not part of the Epic Australia Pass program and does not include Epic Coverage, any discounts, or Northern Hemisphere access.

Have questions? Please visit the Perisher Help Centre for frequently asked questions.

Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Tickets
Pricing & Buy Online
Mountain Access Card
Mountain Money
Manage My Perisher Account
Permitted Equipment
Lessons
First-Timer Lessons
Kids Lessons
Adult Lessons
Private Lessons
Speciality Programs
Winter Sports Club
Interschools Training
Rental
Snowsports Rental
Why Hire Snow Gear at Perisher
Locker Hire
School Groups
School Groups
Booking Conditions
Booking Form
Risk Assessment & Safety
Child Safety
Partners

Follow us
Plan your trip
Snow Cams & Report
Tickets, Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
Skitube
Accommodations
Upcoming Events
Explore Perisher
Our History
Sustainability
Resort Stats
Resort Amenities
News & Media
Blog & Updates
Join Our Team
Help & Support
Contact Us
Lost & Found
FAQs
Snow Safety
Stay in the s’know

Never miss out on news, offers and updates.

SUBSCRIBE
Download the Perisher app for live trail maps, run updates, and friend tracking

Perisher Ski Resort acknowledges the traditional custodians of the land on which we operate, the Monero-Ngarigo People and their connection to the mountains and waterways which surround us. Perisher pays respects to the Monero-Ngarigo People who have cared for this land for thousands of years.

© 2026 Perisher Blue Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
 
