URL: https://www.perisher.com.au/tickets-passes/snowsports-school/snowsports-school-child-lessons
TITLE: Kids Lessons
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:39:04.767Z

LOWEST PRICE FOR 2027 ENDS 14 OCTOBER
Weather
	
My account
Snow Cams & Reports
Plan your Trip
Tickets & Passes
Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
BOOK NOW
Home
Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Lessons
Kids Lessons
KIDS' SKI & SNOWBOARD LESSONS AT PERISHER
The Best Ski & Snowboard Lessons for Children

Kids ski and snowboard lessons are now on sale!

Lay the groundwork for a lifelong love of the snow and watch your child's confidence soar as they learn from instructors specifically trained to work with children. At Perisher, we offer a range of ski & snowboard lesson options for children aged 3-14 (ski) and 7-14 years (snowboard) to learn in a safe and fun environment.

Kids’ Group Lessons are offered as full day or half day programs, with full day lessons available midweek (minimum 3 days) or on Saturdays, and half day lessons available any day of the week.

BOOK LESSONS

Kids 3, 4 & 5 Day Adventure Programs

Give your child the ultimate mountain adventure and watch their confidence grow as they explore more terrain through our unique, 3, 4 or 5 day Adventure Program.

This mountain experience is designed specifically for Perisher's youngest adventurers. Participants will benefit from the same world-class instructor over the course of the program*, small group sizes and can also enjoy lunch somewhere different on the mountain each day.

Groups are split between 3-6 years and 7-14 years, with further grouping based on skill level to support progression.

Please note: Children aged 3-6 years participate in ski group lessons. Group snowboard lessons are not available for children under 7 years old. For younger snowboarders (aged 5-7) we recommend booking a private snowboard lesson.

What to expect

Small class sizes led by the same instructor for the duration of the program
A fun-filled, mid-week program spanning 3, 4 or 5 days
Lunch included
Lunch location is dependent on skill level
If your child has any special dietary requirements please contact Perisher Snowsports School to discuss catering options for you child
Terrain explored will be determined based on the group's skill level

Program details

Duration: Choose from 3, 4 or 5 consecutive days
Meeting Location: Perisher Valley
3-6-year-olds - meet at the 'Kids Lessons (3-6)' sign in the lower level of Perisher Centre
7-14-year-olds - head past the 'Kids Lessons (7-14)' sign towards Snow Gums Restaurant
Start time: 10am sharp, with check in available from 9:30am
Pick up: From 2:45pm, with all children to be collected by 3:00pm

BOOK 3-6 YEARS

BOOK 7-14 YEARS

Saturday Full Day Kids Lesson

Groups are split between 3-6-year-olds and 7-14-year-olds and are based on skill level.

Please note: Children aged 3-6 years participate in ski group lessons. Group snowboard lessons are available for children aged 7 years and older. For younger snowboarders (aged 5-7) we recommend booking a private snowboard lesson.

What to expect

Small class sizes led by one of our world-class instructors
A fun-filled day tailored to suit the groups ability
Lunch included
Lunch location is dependent on skill level
If your child has any special dietary requirements please contact Perisher Snowsports School to discuss catering options for you child
Terrain explored will be determined based on group skill level

Lesson details

Meeting Location: Perisher Valley
3-6-year-olds - meet at the 'Kids Lessons (3-6)' sign in the lower level of Perisher Centre
7-14-year-olds - head past the 'Kids Lessons (7-14)' sign towards Snow Gums Restaurant
Start time: Check in for lessons from 9:30am, with lessons starting at 10am sharp
Pick up: From 2:45pm, with all children to be collected by 3:00pm

BOOK 3-6 YEARS

BOOK 7-14 YEARS

Half Day Kids Lessons

Half Day Kids Lessons are available any day of the week (pending availability) and run for three hours from 10am-1pm, with the flexibility to choose to start from either Perisher Valley or Smiggin Holes (subject to availability).

Please note: Children aged 3-6 years participate in ski group lessons. Group snowboard lessons are available for children aged 7 years and older. For younger snowboarders (aged 5-7) we recommend booking a private snowboard lesson.

What to expect

Small class sizes led by a qualified and experienced instructor

Lesson details

Duration: 3-hour lesson
Meeting location - Perisher Valley:
3-6-year-olds - meet at the 'Kids Lessons (3-6)' sign in the lower level of Perisher Centre
7-14-year-olds - head past the 'Kids Lessons (7-14)' sign towards Snow Gums Restaurant
Meeting location - Smiggin Holes:
Snowsports School flags near Smiggins Hotel
Start time: Check in for lessons from 9:30am, with lessons starting at 10am sharp
Finish Time: 12:45pm, with all children to be collected by 1:00pm

BOOK 3-6 YEARS

BOOK 7-14 YEARS

1-Day Learn to Turn Program

The Learn to Turn Program is perfect for children (3-14 years) who have never skied or snowboarded before. The package includes a specialised beginner group lesson and a limited access lift ticket for them to continue to practice their turns post lesson! These lessons are available any day of the week, with the choice to start from Perisher Valley or Smiggin Holes (pending availability)

Please note: Children aged 3-6 years participate in ski group lessons. Group snowboard lessons are available for children aged 7 years and older. For younger snowboarders (aged 5-7) we recommend booking a private snowboard lesson.

What's included?

3-hour beginner group lesson with a one of our world-class instructors
Limited access lift ticket

Lesson details

Duration: 3-hour lesson
Meeting locations - Perisher Valley:
3-6-year-olds - meet at the 'Kids Lessons (3-6)' sign in the lower level of Perisher Centre
7-14-year-olds - head past the 'Kids Lessons (7-14)' sign towards Snow Gums Restaurant
Meeting location - Smiggin Holes:
Snowsports School flags near Smiggins Hotel
Start time: Check in for lessons from 9:30am, with lessons starting at 10am sharp
Finish Time: 12:45pm, with all children to be collected by 1:00pm
Short breaks may be taken throughout the lesson at the instructors' discretion and based on the groups' needs or adverse weather

BOOK 3-6 YEARS

BOOK 7-14 YEARS

Additional details
Helmets are mandatory - children will not be able to participate without a helmet
Children must be able to use the toilet independently
Lesson costs do not include lift access (excluding the 1-Day Learn to Turn Program). Please ensure your child has a valid lift ticket for the day of their lesson. Lift ticket will be scanned at the beginning of the lesson during class allocation
We recommend booking online and in advance, particularly during School Holiday periods, to secure your preferred lesson dates
For consecutive, multi-day lesson bookings, we aim to allocate the same instructor for the duration of the program where possible
Please allow extra time for travel and potential delays, particularly during Peak Snow Days
To assist with class allocation, please advise Snowsports School staff of your child's previous on-snow experience and current ability level when arriving at the lesson meeting place
Short breaks may be taken throughout the lesson at the instructors' discretion and based on the groups' needs or adverse weather 
Preparing for your Child's Lesson
What do I need to know before I arrive for my child's lesson?

Before heading to Perisher, check the time and location of your child's lesson. We run lessons out of Smiggin Holes, Perisher Valley and Blue Cow.

Understand how to get around the resort here.

You will find this information on your booking confirmation.

When should we arrive for my child's lesson?

Please allow extra time to travel around the resort in peak times (weekends and school holidays) to avoid being late to your lesson. You can check in for your child's lessons from 9:30am, with lessons starting at 10am sharp.

Where do we meet for my child's lesson?

Your meeting spot will depend on which resort area you booked your lesson from. Please double check this in your lesson booking!

If your lesson is at Perisher, please meet at the following locations for your child's lesson:

3-6-year-olds - meet at the 'Kids Lessons (3-6)' sign in the lower level of Perisher Centre
7-14-year-olds - follow the 'Kids Lessons (7-14)' signage to the meeting spot outside Snow Gums Restaurant

If your lesson is at Smiggin Holes, please meet at the following locations for your child's lesson:

Snowsports School flags near Smiggins Hotel
Do I need to collect my rentals before I go to my lesson?

Yes, make sure you have all your rental gear, helmet, waterproof clothing, gloves and other necessary items before you arrive for your lesson. Collecting rental equipment requires a fitting process that can take some time. It is recommended to collect your rental equipment the afternoon before your lesson. If you're collecting your rental gear in the morning of your first lesson, please arrive at the rental shop in good time.

What does my child need for their lesson?

Your child needs to have all the relevant gear, including helmet, outerwear, ski or snowboard equipment and arrive fully dressed (including boots) and be ready to go.

Save on Lessons with Epic Australia Pass

Epic Australia Pass and Epic Australia 4-Day Pass holders receive 20% off lessons purchased online in advance.

For more information and full terms and conditions, click here.

Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Tickets
Pricing & Buy Online
Mountain Access Card
Mountain Money
Manage My Perisher Account
Permitted Equipment
Lessons
First-Timer Lessons
Kids Lessons
Adult Lessons
Private Lessons
Speciality Programs
Winter Sports Club
Interschools Training
Rental
Snowsports Rental
Why Hire Snow Gear at Perisher
Locker Hire
School Groups
School Groups
Booking Conditions
Booking Form
Risk Assessment & Safety
Child Safety
Partners

Follow us
Plan your trip
Snow Cams & Report
Tickets, Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
Skitube
Accommodations
Upcoming Events
Explore Perisher
Our History
Sustainability
Resort Stats
Resort Amenities
News & Media
Blog & Updates
Join Our Team
Help & Support
Contact Us
Lost & Found
FAQs
Snow Safety
Stay in the s’know

Never miss out on news, offers and updates.

SUBSCRIBE
Download the Perisher app for live trail maps, run updates, and friend tracking

Perisher Ski Resort acknowledges the traditional custodians of the land on which we operate, the Monero-Ngarigo People and their connection to the mountains and waterways which surround us. Perisher pays respects to the Monero-Ngarigo People who have cared for this land for thousands of years.

© 2026 Perisher Blue Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
