URL: https://www.perisher.com.au/tickets-passes/snowsports-school/snowsports-school-private-lessons
TITLE: Private Lessons
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:39:32.652Z

LOWEST PRICE FOR 2027 ENDS 14 OCTOBER
Weather
	
My account
Snow Cams & Reports
Plan your Trip
Tickets & Passes
Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
BOOK NOW
Home
Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Lessons
Private Lessons
PRIVATE SKI & SNOWBOARD LESSONS AT PERISHER
Perisher is closed for the 2026 season, we can't wait to welcome you back to discover your moment next winter. 
Your Lesson, Your Way with Perisher Snowsports School

Private Lessons at Perisher offer individual, family, or friend group learning experiences that are completely customised to the individual or group's needs and abilities.

Whether you're looking to accelerate your learning with the undivided attention of a qualified instructor, or embark on a guided tour through advanced terrain, a Private Lesson at Perisher is an opportunity to experience a completely personalised day on the mountain.

Work on your skills and confidence and make it a day to remember!
Lessons available from first-timer to advanced
Priority access in lift lines
Learn from qualified, highly-experienced instructors
Customised lesson experience based on needs & ability
Full day private

Lesson Details

A full day ski or snowboard lesson
Flexible start and end times, beginning from 9:00am
Start location: Perisher Valley or Smiggin Holes
Ages 7+
Up to 6 guests per instructor
Lift ticket NOT included
Half day private

Lesson Details

4 hour ski or snowboard lesson, 9:00am-1:00pm
Start location: Perisher Valley or Smiggin Holes
Ages 7+
Up to 6 guests per instructor
Lift ticket NOT included
2 hour private

Lesson Details

2 hour ski or snowboard lesson,
Start times: 9:00am, 11:00am, or 1:30pm
Start location: Perisher Valley or Smiggin Holes
Additional 2:00pm start time from Perisher Valley during peak season only
Ages 3+
Up to 4 guests per instructor
Lift ticket NOT included
1.5 hour private

Start your day with one-on-one attention, best for first timers to beginners or those who just want to find their feet before exploring beyond Smiggin Holes

Lesson Details

1.5 hour ski or snowboard lesson
Start time: 9:00am at Smiggin Holes only
Ages 3+
Up to 4 guests per instructor
Lift ticket NOT included
Additional details
Lesson costs do not include lift access. Each participant must have a valid lift ticket for the day of their lesson.
Didn’t see your preferred dates? Check back in the online shop as additional private lesson slots may be released.
Lessons are priced per instructor, and multiple guests of the same discipline and similar ability may participate 
Blue Cow private lessons are available to book in resort only (not available online).
We recommend booking online and in advance to secure your preferred lesson dates, particularly during School Holiday periods
Please consider travel time and potential delays when attending a lesson and allow for extra time during Peak Snow Days
Perisher strongly recommends the use of helmets when participating in snowsports
How to book online
When making an online booking, simply choose the day, time, and duration desired. Then, assign your Private Lesson to the paying customer (who must be present at the lesson meeting place) and include additional guests in the comment section including participant age, ability level, preferred start location, preferred instructor if applicable
Private lessons are sold 1 day at a time. You may add additional bookings by selecting relevant dates

Booking Steps:

1. Choose your lesson

Choose your preferred lesson location, duration, date, and start time when booking online.

2. Add participant information

Assign the lesson to the paying customer (who must be present at the lesson meeting place), then include the names, ages and ability levels of all participants, as well as any instructor preferences (if applicable).

3. Add more days if needed

Private lessons are sold one day at a time. To book multiple days, add your first lesson to the cart, then return to the booking page and select another date to add an additional lesson.

For more information and full terms and conditions, click here.

Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Tickets
Pricing & Buy Online
Mountain Access Card
Mountain Money
Manage My Perisher Account
Permitted Equipment
Lessons
First-Timer Lessons
Kids Lessons
Adult Lessons
Private Lessons
Speciality Programs
Winter Sports Club
Interschools Training
Rental
Snowsports Rental
Why Hire Snow Gear at Perisher
Locker Hire
School Groups
School Groups
Booking Conditions
Booking Form
Risk Assessment & Safety
Child Safety
Partners

Follow us
Plan your trip
Snow Cams & Report
Tickets, Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
Skitube
Accommodations
Upcoming Events
Explore Perisher
Our History
Sustainability
Resort Stats
Resort Amenities
News & Media
Blog & Updates
Join Our Team
Help & Support
Contact Us
Lost & Found
FAQs
Snow Safety
Stay in the s’know

Never miss out on news, offers and updates.

SUBSCRIBE
Download the Perisher app for live trail maps, run updates, and friend tracking

Perisher Ski Resort acknowledges the traditional custodians of the land on which we operate, the Monero-Ngarigo People and their connection to the mountains and waterways which surround us. Perisher pays respects to the Monero-Ngarigo People who have cared for this land for thousands of years.

© 2026 Perisher Blue Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
