URL: https://www.perisher.com.au/tickets-passes/rental/snowsports-rental
TITLE: Snowsports Rental
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:40:00.543Z

LOWEST PRICE FOR 2027 ENDS 14 OCTOBER
Weather
	
My account
Snow Cams & Reports
Plan your Trip
Tickets & Passes
Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
BOOK NOW
Home
Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Rental
Snowsports Rental
SKI & SNOWBOARD GEAR HIRE AT PERISHER

Conveniently located both on and off the mountain, Perisher Sports offers the largest selection of ski and snowboard rental equipment. From beginners to advanced, kids to adults, Perisher Sports has rental equipment suited to everyone. 

Why Hire Ski & Snowboard Equipment with Perisher Sports
Book online in advance to beat the queues
Swap equipment to suit your needs
Pick up from 2pm the day before your multi-day booking (excludes demo skis or board)
3 convenient locations at Bullocks Flat, Perisher Valley, & Smiggin Holes
On-mountain adjustments
Gear-free, hassle-free travel

Overwhelmed by the rental options in Jindabyne and surrounds? Read more about why you should hire your rental gear from Perisher.

Ski Rentals
Premium brands and an expert rental team will get you out on the slopes with ski equipment suited to your level. 

BOOK NOW

 
Snowboard Rentals
Perisher Sports is proud to partner with Burton Snowboards to fit you out with snowboard gear suited to your level and to Perisher's conditions. 

BOOK NOW   

Performance Ski Rentals

Whether you're a seasoned pro or an ambitious intermediate looking to step up your game, our selection of performance rentals are designed to elevate your time on the mountain. 

BOOK NOW  

 

 
Locker Hire

Leave your gear in a conveniently located locker in Perisher Valley, Blue Cow, or Smiggin Holes. Simply scan the QR code on the face of the locker and follow the steps provided!

LEARN MORE

Rental FAQ
How much time should I allow for rental pickups?

This can vary depending on the day and time of pick-up, guest volume as well as the size of your group.

We recommend allocating at least one hour for rental collection, which includes queuing, fitment of boots and ski/board adjustment. During school holidays and on Saturday and Monday mornings, please allow for more time as we expect greater volumes of guests at those times.

If you are staying in Perisher, you can collect your rental equipment from 3pm the day before your booking starts.

Rental pick up and drop offs

I am staying at Perisher, if I arrive early, can we pick up our gear the day before?

Yes, and we welcome it. For one and two-day rentals, equipment can be collected from 3pm the day before your ticket starts. For three or more day rentals, you can collect your equipment from 2pm the day before your ticket starts to hit the slopes more quickly the next morning!

What time do I have to return my rental equipment by?

You can return your rental equipment up until 10am the day after your rental package expires without being charged for the additional day.

I have a multi-day hire, do I keep my rental equipment overnight?

Yes, you will keep your rental equipment for the duration of your hire. Additionally, Epic Beginner Bundle guests will keep their equipment overnight providing they have reserved their lessons & rentals over consecutive days.

If you need to store equipment at Perisher, we have overnight locker hire available. Learn more here.

Can I exchange or swap my rental equipment?

Yes. One of the many benefits of hiring your equipment directly from Perisher Sports is the option to exchange your rentals any time at any one of our convenient hire locations.

If you're having any trouble with your equipment (e.g. sizing or fit), head into our outlet at Perisher or Smiggin Holes and our friendly staff will help you out.

If you'd like to swap between skis/snowboards and vice versa you can do so at either of the above outlets. Please note there is a $25 fee.

How do I change or cancel my rental booking?

If your plans change you have the option to either cancel or change your booking.

Changes or cancellations that result in money being payable back to the purchaser will be issued in the form of a Snow Credit. No cash refunds will be issued.

Any requested changes or cancellations to bookings must be made at least 48 hours or more prior to the earliest scheduled commencement date of your booking.

Visit our Help Centre for more information on requesting to change or cancel your rental booking:

Changing or cancelling your booking
Changing or cancelling your booking due to injury or illness

View full terms and conditions here.

Save On Rentals With Epic Australia Pass! 

Epic Australia Pass and Epic Australia 4-Day Pass holders receive 20% off all equipment rentals when purchased online in advance, exclusive to Perisher Sports.

 

Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Tickets
Pricing & Buy Online
Mountain Access Card
Mountain Money
Manage My Perisher Account
Permitted Equipment
Lessons
First-Timer Lessons
Kids Lessons
Adult Lessons
Private Lessons
Speciality Programs
Winter Sports Club
Interschools Training
Rental
Snowsports Rental
Why Hire Snow Gear at Perisher
Locker Hire
School Groups
School Groups
Booking Conditions
Booking Form
Risk Assessment & Safety
Child Safety
Partners

Follow us
Plan your trip
Snow Cams & Report
Tickets, Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
Skitube
Accommodations
Upcoming Events
Explore Perisher
Our History
Sustainability
Resort Stats
Resort Amenities
News & Media
Blog & Updates
Join Our Team
Help & Support
Contact Us
Lost & Found
FAQs
Snow Safety
Stay in the s’know

Never miss out on news, offers and updates.

SUBSCRIBE
Download the Perisher app for live trail maps, run updates, and friend tracking

Perisher Ski Resort acknowledges the traditional custodians of the land on which we operate, the Monero-Ngarigo People and their connection to the mountains and waterways which surround us. Perisher pays respects to the Monero-Ngarigo People who have cared for this land for thousands of years.

© 2026 Perisher Blue Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
