URL: https://www.perisher.com.au/tickets-passes/rental/locker-hire
TITLE: Locker Hire
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:40:27.993Z

LOWEST PRICE FOR 2027 ENDS 14 OCTOBER
Weather
	
My account
Snow Cams & Reports
Plan your Trip
Tickets & Passes
Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
BOOK NOW
Home
Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Rental
Locker Hire
LOCKER HIRE AT PERISHER 
Secure Storage Across the Mountain 

Seasonal and Day Lockers are available to rent in Perisher Valley, Smiggin Holes, Blue Cow, and Bullocks Flat. Hire a locker to securely store your personal belongings while you enjoy a day on the mountain. Our Perisher Valley Day lockers have recently been upgraded and are perfect for guests looking for a day hire solution.

Day Lockers

A Day locker provides locker access from the time you complete your payment until the end of the day and can be extended for up to 5 days. For overnight storage the payment must be for a minimum 2 days and can be extended for up to 5 days (4 nights).

Please note: Day lockers are not for 24-hour hire and will reset and unlock at 7:00 PM each day. Please remove all belongings by 5:30 PM. Belongings not removed will not be held securely, and the locker will become unlocked for reuse the following day.

Simply scan the QR codes on the locker and follow the instructions to set up your own PIN number and gain access to your locker.

Day lockers are available in two sizes:

Boot and Bag Lockers
Available at Bullocks Flat, Perisher Valley, Blue Cow, and Smiggin Holes
Sized to fit one pair of boots plus a bag
Boot & bag lockers are $25 per day
Ski and Snowboard Lockers
Available in Perisher Valley and Smiggin Holes
Sized to fit 2 pairs of skis or 2 snowboards
Ski & snowboard lockers are $45 per day
Approximate size: 500mm (w) x 500mm (d) x 2,400mm (h), able to hold up to 5 pairs of skis plus boots, or 3-4 snowboards plus boots
Locker Locations 
Smiggins Holes – Available for hire at Perisher Guest Services, located in Smiggins Hotel
Blue Cow – Available through our retail/rental shop on the platform level of the Blue Cow Terminal. Overnight ski lockers are available at Blue Cow.
Bullocks Flat – Available for hire at Perisher Sports at Bullocks Flat Skitube Terminal
Perisher Valley - Available for hire at Perisher Locker Room, located next to Snowdome
Season-Long Locker Hire

Perisher offers a limited number of seasonal lockers to hire for the duration of the season at the below locations.

Perisher – Skitube Terminal Building – Platform level
Bullocks Flat – Skitube Terminal – Locker room next to Guest Services
Blue Cow – Skitube Terminal – Platform level Locker Room Lockers have limited availability and must be reserved online

 Please note: Previous seasonal locker holders receive priority access to locker hire each year.

Tickets, Lessons & Rental
Tickets
Pricing & Buy Online
Mountain Access Card
Mountain Money
Manage My Perisher Account
Permitted Equipment
Lessons
First-Timer Lessons
Kids Lessons
Adult Lessons
Private Lessons
Speciality Programs
Winter Sports Club
Interschools Training
Rental
Snowsports Rental
Why Hire Snow Gear at Perisher
Locker Hire
School Groups
School Groups
Booking Conditions
Booking Form
Risk Assessment & Safety
Child Safety
Partners

Follow us
Plan your trip
Snow Cams & Report
Tickets, Lessons & Rentals
Epic Australia Pass
Skitube
Accommodations
Upcoming Events
Explore Perisher
Our History
Sustainability
Resort Stats
Resort Amenities
News & Media
Blog & Updates
Join Our Team
Help & Support
Contact Us
Lost & Found
FAQs
Snow Safety
Stay in the s’know

Never miss out on news, offers and updates.

SUBSCRIBE
Download the Perisher app for live trail maps, run updates, and friend tracking

Perisher Ski Resort acknowledges the traditional custodians of the land on which we operate, the Monero-Ngarigo People and their connection to the mountains and waterways which surround us. Perisher pays respects to the Monero-Ngarigo People who have cared for this land for thousands of years.

© 2026 Perisher Blue Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
