URL: https://www.stubaier-gletscher.com/en/stubai-live/news/detail/skiing-as-of-october-in-the-holidays-in-autumn/
TITLE: Skifahren ab Oktober & in den Herbstferien - Stubaier Gletscher
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:18.955Z

STUBAI LIVE
SKI RESORT
WINTER
SUMMER
SHOP
SEARCH
EN
TICKET
Live cam
+5 °C
0
0
Map
Home Stubai Glacier
Stubai Live
News
Skiing as of October & in the holidays in autumn
SKIING AS OF OCTOBER & IN THE HOLIDAYS IN AUTUMN
09/21/2026
Thanks to the high altitude of the Stubai Glacier in the Tyrol, skiing is possible from as early as October and snow is guaranteed. Best conditions for great skiing days & fun on the slopes in the autumn holidays.

The days are getting shorter, the temperatures are dropping - in short: it's autumn. And that raises the question for many winter fans:
When will it finally be time to hit the piste again?

SNOW-RELIABLE GLACIER SKI AREA AT OVER 3,000 METRES

We have good news for all those who can't wait to enjoy snowboarding and skiing:  The ski season on the Stubai Glacier starts mid of October 2026. Here with us in the Stubai Valley, you can make your first carving turns in autumn thanks to the altitude.

WHICH PISTES AND LIFTS ARE OPEN IN AUTUMN?

Thanks to the altitude, our team is able to offer you a great range of pistes on the Eisjochferner and Daunferner early in the ski season. The actual open runs always depend on the snow conditions as well as the temperature and wind conditions. You can get daily live information  on which pistes are open on our website.

EARLY START INTO THE SKI SEASON

Skiing on the Stubai Glacier starts this year as usual in Autumn. So, make a note of the date Otcober 2026 in your diary, get your ski equipment out of the basement early enough, try it on, wax your skis and off you go.

For a climate-friendly way to get there, you can use the public ski bus from Innsbruck already from the start of the season onwards and travel to Innsbruck from Germany by ÖBB Nightjet to the snow. 

 
WHY SKIING & SNOWBOARDING IN AUTUMN?

Are you still wondering whether you should actually dare to go skiing already in autumn? Here are5 reasons why we can recommend skiing and snowboarding on the Stubai Glacier in the autumn months:

1. Off-season prices
From the start of the season to 23 Octoberoff-season prices apply on the Stubai Glacier. And in November dnd December too, you will find attractive discount deals in our webshop. 

2. Top preparation for the winter
Even if you never forget how to ski, the first turns of the year are always a little shakier. Autumn days on the slopes are the perfect opportunity to get your muscles back in the mood for skiing and get your technique up to scratch.

3. Take advantage of the ski season
Which ski fan doesn't know the feeling that the ski season was far too short? To prevent this from happening again, the best advice is probably to start the ski season in autumn - so pack your skis and hit the slopes.

4. Pleasant temperatures
In winter, it can get really cold at an altitude of 3,000 metres above sea level. In autumn, however, the transitional temperatures are still pleasant - perfect for preparing for winter.

5. Great events
There's something going on! Numerous events await you on the Stubai Glacier in autumn, from the Snowpark Opening, the Intersport Testival to the Freeski World Cup an many more. Be there!

READ MORE
WHY NOT ENJOY THE AUTUMN HOLIDAYS ON THE SLOPES WITH THE WHOLE FAMILY?

It's that time again at the end of October: the autumn holidays are just around the corner and with them the question: where should the family spend the school holidays?

Why wait until the Christmas holidays for your skiing holiday? The Stubai Glacier starts skiing in mid-October and offers the best conditions for the first carving turns of the year. The best conditions for an autumn family holiday on the slopes.

You can look forward to a real family ski area: Children up to 10 years get a free ski pass (if accompanied by a paying parent). 

WHAT IS THE WEATHER LIKE ON THE STUBAI GLACIER IN OCTOBER AND NOVEMBER?

Located at an altitude of 1,749m to 3,212m, the Stubai Glacier is one of the highest ski areas in the Alps. The weather at these altitudes can vary considerably in October and November. Cold, snowy days are just as normal as sunny days with pleasant autumn temperatures.

The best thing to do before your visit is to take a look at the weather forecast by Geosphere Austria, which we provide on our website. Our webcams in the ski area not only provide you with great mountain panoramas but also with a good view of the weather conditions.

SIMPLY HIGH

With a total area of 1,450 hectares, the Stubai Glacier is the largest glacier ski area in Austria and is one of the top 5 highest ski areas in the country.

At 3,212 metres, the mountain station of the Wildspitz lift is the highest point and the highest lift facility. There are a total of 14 lifts on the glacier, which take you up to an altitude of over 3,000 metres. This not only guarantees you an incredibly impressive mountain panorama, but also guarantees snow from autumn to late spring.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON SKIING IN AUTUMN

In which months is it possible to ski on the glacier?
Thanks to its altitude location of over 3,000 metres, the Stubai Glacier is a snow reliable ski area in the Alps. You can ski here from October to May (subject to changes). 

Can one ski in November?
Yes, you can enjoy great skiing days in November here. Skiing operation begins already in early Autumn.

When do the first ski areas open?
Depending on the altitude location and the snow and temperature conditions, the ski season in Austria starts between October and November. The ski season on the Stubai Glacier starts Mid October 2026.

BACK TO OVERVIEW
ADDRESS
Wintersport Tirol AG & CO
Mutterberg 2
6167 Neustift
Austria
CONTACT
 +43 5226 8141
 info@stubaier-gletscher.com
 Plan your journey
OPENING HOURS

All facilities are currently closed.

LINKS
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Company
FAQs
Vacancies
Press
Downloads
Partners
© 2026 Stubaier Gletscher
Legal information
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Cookies
