URL: https://www.matterhornparadise.ch/en/book/tickets/ski-pass-winter
TITLE: Ski passes winter online booking | Zermatt Bergbahnen
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:53:57.957Z

Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
sr.skip-to.main-content
sr.skip-to.table-of-contents
sr.skip-to.main-navigation
Table Of Content
Ski passes winter
Questions & answers
MENU
LIFTS
WEATHER
WEBCAMS
MAP
EN
SEARCH
LOGIN
HEADER.CART
0
SHOP
breadcrumbs.home
Book
Tickets
Ski passes winter
12345
UP TO 360 KILOMETRES OF PISTES
Ski passes winter
Price
from CHF 92.00
BOOK NOW
BOOK EARLY AND SAVE
WITHOUT QUEUING INTO THE MOUNTAINS
SECURE ONLINE SHOPPING
DESCRIPTION

The Zermatt ski pass offers you up to 200 kilometres of fun on the slopes in the Sunnegga-Rothorn, Gornergrat and Schwarzsee-Matterhorn Glacier Paradise areas. With the International ski pass you can even benefit from an additional 160 kilometres of pistes in the Italian ski resort of Breuil-Cervinia and Valtournenche. 

If you’re staying in a hotel or holiday home outside Zermatt, you can add a ticket for the shuttle train. It covers the daily return trip on the Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn shuttle train from Täsch or Randa.

BOOKING INFORMATION
The afternoon ski pass Zermatt (excl. Matterhorn Glacier Paradise) can be booked from 12.10 pm on the day of validity.

Choose a date for your ski pass Zermatt and, depending on the validity, add the ski area Breuil-Cervinia and Valtournenche (IT). You can add the shuttle train for daily travel between Täsch/Randa and Zermatt once you have added the desired ski pass to the cart.

If you are looking for a ski pass where you can choose your skiing days freely, we recommend our Flex passes.

INCLUDED
Unlimited use of all facilities* in the Zermatt ski area, as timetabled, at your choice including Breuil-Cervinia/Valtournenche (IT)
Use of the Zermatt snow park near the Furggsattel glacier lift
Use of Wolli’s Beginners Park on Sunnegga (as per opening of the Sunnegga/Rothorn area)
Local bus

*The descent from Matterhorn Glacier Paradise to Testa Grigia (Matterhorn Glacier Ride II) is not included in 1 & 2 days ski passes.

PRICES & REDUCTION
Bambini
up to 9 years
(available at the sales points or online as Wolli Card)
free
Children
9 - 15.99 years of age
50%
Youth
16 – 19.99 years of age
15%
Zermatt ski pass
for children under 16
on Saturdays for free
Groups from 20 guests
10%
People with disabilities
in possession of a companion card*
1 person free

The amount of the reduction depends on the date of birth. Offical ID showing date of birth required.

*To receive a free ticket, an official international document (in English) stating that the disabled person is dependent on an accompanying person must be presented at the point of sale. Cannot be combined with other discounts.

Ski pass International: 15.99% for 10% VAT Italy and 84.01% for 8.1% VAT Switzerland.
MORE INFORMATION

Consecutive days

Half-day or one-day ski passes are not sold to excursion guests. Excursion guests should purchase tickets intended for hiking and sightseeing, such as the Peak Pass or single and return tickets. 

Questions & answers
What's the latest you can buy tickets online?
Can I also book Flex passes online?
What are half-day and 6-day passes?
Why can I only buy the children’s rate «Saturday for free» for up to 7 days?
What kind of cards can I use to recharge in the webshop?
How do I access my ticket after I’ve bought it?
ALL QUESTIONS & ANSWERS
Price
from CHF 92.00
BOOK NOW
info-bricks.title
