URL: https://www.mayrhofen.at/en/products/swarovski-kristallwelten-day-tickets
TITLE: Swarovski Kristallwelten Day Tickets
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:36:29.742Z

Skip to content
Summer
Winter
EN
Activities
Events & News
Region
Swarovski Kristallwelten Day Tickets
Show all 16 images

Experience a wonderland of fantasy with magical chambers and a sprawling garden!

Important information

The voucher can be exchanged for a valid day ticket at ticket counters 5 and 6 (fast lane) on-site.

Details on current opening hours can be found here.

All visitor conditions for Swarovski Crystal Worlds can be found here.

Duration
People usually spend 2 hours here.
Hours of Operation
Closed now
09:00 - 19:00
Show all hours of operation
Description

Experience a wonderland of fantasy with magical chambers and a sprawling garden! Book your day ticket now and benefit from attractive price advantages (regular adult ticket: 24 euros instead of 26 euros) compared to purchasing on-site.

Good to know:

Children up to 5 years old receive a free admission ticket – this is available on-site at the ticket counters.

Audio guides are available at the ticket offices for just 2 euros, including practical headphones. The audio guide is available in 10 languages and offers an introduction to the history of the company as well as exciting background information and stories about the Chambers of Wonder.

Please note that during the peak summer season, there may be waiting times at the entrance to the museum if the weather is bad. The garden is accessible without waiting times and offers a great experience even with higher visitor numbers. For a relaxed visit despite the high season, we recommend entering at off-peak times - before 11.00 a.m. or after 04.00 p.m.

Children up to 13 years old must be supervised by their parents or an adult companion throughout the entire area.

Some play equipment in the play tower and playground has a minimum age or height requirement.

Last admission to the museum: 06.00 p.m.

Experience a wonderland of fantasy with magical chambers and a sprawling garden! Book your day ticket now and benefit from attractive price advantages (regular adult ticket: 24 euros instead of 26 euros) compared to purchasing on-site.

Good to know:

Children up to 5 years old receive a free admission ticket – this is available on-site at the ticket counters.

Audio guides are available at the ticket offices for just 2 euros, including practical headphones. The audio guide is available in 10 languages and offers an introduction to the history of the company as well as exciting background information and stories about the Chambers of Wonder.

Please note that during the peak summer season, there may be waiting times at the entrance to the museum if the weather is bad. The garden is accessible without waiting times and offers a great experience even with higher visitor numbers. For a relaxed visit despite the high season, we recommend entering at off-peak times - before 11.00 a.m. or after 04.00 p.m.

Children up to 13 years old must be supervised by their parents or an adult companion throughout the entire area.

Some play equipment in the play tower and playground has a minimum age or height requirement.

Last admission to the museum: 06.00 p.m.

Show More
Contact Info
Swarovski Kristallwelten
Kristallweltenstraße 1, 6112 Wattens, Austria
reservations.kristallwelten@swarovski.com
+43 5224 51080
https://www.kristallwelten.swarovski.com/
from € 25,00
Book now
Swarovski Kristallwelten Day Tickets
Add ticket
Ticket type
Day ticket
Select a ticket holder
Ticket category
Adult
Date
Tomorrow
PRICE
€ 25,00
Total
€ 25,00
Add to shopping cart
Complete checkout
FAQ
Are there audio guides?
Are dogs allowed to visit?
Is there free wifi on site?
Is there an e-charging station?
Is camping or spending the night in a car allowed on the Swarovski Kristallwelten site?
Follow us on Social Media
CONTACT

TOURISMUSVERBAND MAYRHOFEN
T: +43 5285 6760 | info@mayrhofen.at

MAYRHOFNER BERGBAHNEN AG
T: +43 5285 62277 | info@mayrhofner-bergbahnen.com

FREQUENTLY VIEWED
Accomodation booking
Buy a lift ticket
Webcams
Online Shop
Plan your summer holiday
Plan your winter holiday
SERVICE & INFO
Arrival
Press
Newsletter
Job market
Mitgliederbereich
Competitions
LEGAL NOTICE
DATA PROTECTION
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT MAYRHOFEN.AT
TERMS OF USE
REVOKE CONTRACT
COOKIE SETTINGS
MANAGE SETTINGS
We care about privacy
We use cookies to personalise content and promotions, to provide social media functionality, to track the areas of our website that are visited, and to measure the effectiveness of promotions and web searches. We also share information about the use of our site with our partners for analysing. We take your choices into consideration and only process data for statistics and personalisation if you give us your consent by clicking on " Accept ". You can withdraw your consent at any time. You can find further setting options under "Cookies" at the end of the site.More detailed information can be found in the privacy policy.
Manage settings
Reject all Accept
