URL: https://www.davosklostersmountains.ch/en/mountains/winter/rates-tickets/ski-regional-tickets
TITLE: Ski & regional tickets Davos Klosters | davosklostersmountains.ch
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:27:35.609Z

Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Allow selection
Allow all
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Table
Day pass and regional ski pass of the Davos Klosters Mountains
Ski pass 1 or 2 days
Regional ski pass 1 to 21 days
Multiple day tickets (flexible) Valid for the whole season
Special tickets 3 out of 5 or 5 out of 7
General terms and conditions For all Ski and regional tickets
The Topcard - 3 regions in 1 card
Discover even more
Menu
Live-Infos
Tickets
Start
Mountains
Winter
Rates & tickets
Ski and regional tickets
Day pass and regional ski pass of the Davos Klosters Mountains
der Davos Klosters Mountains

Whether a day pass, a multi-day pass or an optional ski pass for several days. Here skiers, snowboarders and winter sports enthusiasts will find the right rates and tickets. Either for the whole region or per mountain.

Ski pass 1 or 2 days

If you are planning a stay on the slopes of one or two days, we recommend you to buy a one- or two-day ticket for your favorite mountain.

PARSENN & JAKOBSHORN
RINERHORN
PISCHA
MADRISA
Regional ski pass 1 to 21 days

The regional pass is valid for all winter sports areas of the Davos Klosters Mountains. It is available for 1-21 days. All ski passes valid for more than three days are automatically issued as a regional pass. 

For winter fans who would like to ski as many slopes as possible in the Davos Klosters Mountains on one or more days, the regional pass is the optimal choice.

1-7 Days
8-21 Days
Multiple day tickets (flexible)
Valid for the whole season
Valid for the whole season

In addition to the daily ski and regional passes, there are multiple day passes that can be used by the guest on freely selectable days during the entire winter season. If you only want to use the slopes on individual days during your stay in the Davos Klosters Mountains we recommend you these tickets.

WHOLE REGION
PARSENN & JAKOBSHORN - NEW: 1 ticket for 2 mountains
RINERHORN
MADRISA
Special tickets
3 out of 5 or 5 out of 7
3 out of 5 or 5 out of 7

Are you planning a few days of skiing in the Davos Klosters Mountains or a week of vacation? And you don't know yet how much and when you want to ski. Or the weather is changeable? 
Then the special tickets are the right choice for you! You can freely choose 3 out of 5 days or 5 out of 7 days.

Special tickets
General terms and conditions
For all Ski and regional tickets
For all Ski and regional tickets

Seniors
When buying a regional pass from 3 to 21 days, all seniors (men 65+, women 64+) receive a 10 percent discount on the regular regional pass prices. Those who wish to purchase a one-day or two-day pass will also receive a 10 percent discount from Monday to Friday (last day of validity).

Children under six
Children up to their 6th birthday are free of charge on the lifts of the Davos Klosters Mountains when accompanied by their parents or a ski instructor. The valley and practice lifts in Davos Klosters are not included.

More information about the tickets

Ticket prices are subject to change.

Price list for low season and high season you can find here as PDF

All ski passes are not valid on the Schatzalp.

All prices are in CHF and include 8.1 % VAT

Tickets are not valid for all evening events like night sledging or night skiing.

With the purchase of each ticket the terms and conditions of the Davos Klosters Bergbahnen are automatically accepted

The Topcard - 3 regions in 1 card

The perfect annual pass for Davos Klosters, Arosa Lenzerheide and Laax.

Buy the TOPCARD
Discover even more
Webcams
Live
Tickets and prices
Winter
Operating hours
Winter
Weather
on the mountains
1
2
How to Find Us

Address

Davos Klosters Bergbahnen AG
Brämabüelstrasse 11
CH - 7270 Davos Platz

Contact

+41 81 417 62 22
mountains@davosklosters.ch
Good to Know

Service

Newsletter
Accessibility

Quicklinks

Careers & Jobs
Partner
Media
Company
Select language
en
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
