URL: https://www.andermatt-sedrun-disentis.ch/en/stories/tickets
TITLE: Tickets | ASD
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:22:55.942Z

Skip to content
Andermatt
Mountain Railways
Disentis Sedrun
EN
Buy and book
Experience
Live
Wallet
Weather
Webcams
Lifts
Operating hours
Contact & Support
SOS
THE ANDERMATT+SEDRUN+DISENTIS TICKETS
All tickets, subscriptions and cards at a glance
The tickets in summer

You get the day pass (bike & hiking) with the Hapbpreis subscription with a 50% discount.

Andermatt+Sedrun+Disentis offers you a wide range of tickets for bike transportation.

You can also buy single and return trips for our mountain railroads.

We also have attractive offers for groups.

Day ticket (Bike & Hike) - from CHF 19
Biketicket
Single rides, Return tickets, Round trips
Toboggan run tickets
Group tickets
Important information for summer tickets

The discounted day pass (Bike & Hike) is only available with the half-price pass.
The half-price pass is only available via our webshop.
The Bike & Wander tickets are available online, at the ticket machines and at the ticket office.
The multi-day tickets and round trip tickets are only available at the ticket office.
You can find an overview of our points of sale here.
You can find the price list here.

Subscriptions and the guest card

As a holder of the Andermatt+Sedrun+Disentis annual pass, you can experience the beauty of our unique mountain world and benefit from a wide range of different offers, attractive prices and events.

With the half-price pass, you benefit from a 50% discount on 1-day ski passes and day tickets (bike & hiking) for the entire season.

From 1 May 2026, overnight guests with the Digital Guest Card will benefit from numerous advantages and discounts in our region.

Annual pass
Half-price pass
Guest card
Epic Pass
Important information for subscriptions and the guest card

The annual pass for locals can only be purchased at the ticket office.
The half-price subscription is only available via our webshop.
Multi-day tickets and round trip tickets are only available at the ticket office.

Tickets in winter

You get the 1-day ski passes with the half-price pass with a 50% discount, otherwise you pay the normal price.

With the Sledding Pass, you can go sledding in Andermatt and Sedrun and use the MGBahn between the two locations.

The SOB Winterhit includes the journey to Andermatt on the Treno Gottardo from Zurich, Basel, Lucerne and/or Locarno.

Skipass
Combination Tickets
Group tickets
Skipass Disentis
Sledging pass
Toboggan run tickets
Important Information for Winter Tickets

You can find the price list here.
Sign up here for the newsletter to stay up to date with Andermatt+Sedrun+Disentis.

Follow us!
About us

Andermatt+Sedrun+Disentis
Jobs and Careers
Frequently Asked Questions
Sustainability
Sponsoring

Services & Infos

Support
Weather
Webcam
Operating hours
Mountain Access App

Contact

Andermatt Sedrun Disentis Marketing AG
Gotthardstrasse 110
6490 Andermatt
+41 58 200 68 68
info@asd-marketing.ch

GTC
IMPRINT
NEWSLETTER
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE SETTINGS
COOKIE SETTINGS
