URL: https://www.valgardena.it/en/
TITLE: Val Gardena: Official website for Dolomites Holidays
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:52:04.531Z

MENU
LIVE
SEARCH & BOOK
MENU
LIVE
SEARCH & BOOK
We need your consent to load YouTube Video!

We use YouTube Video to embed content that may collect data about your activity. Please review the details and accept the service to see this content.

MORE INFORMATIONCONSENT

Bënuni te Gherdëina

THE valley of the Dolomites par excellence in the UNESCO World Natural Heritage
Book directly with best price guarantee
Search & Book
All accommodation in Val Gardena
SEARCH & BOOK
Bënunì te Gherdëina!
Val Gardena: The valley of the Dolomites par excellence in the UNESCO World Natural Heritage

Val Gardena is located in South Tyrol and is the perfect place to live the most intense experiences in the heart of the unique Dolomites mountains. The landscape of this outdoor paradise outdoes itself with remarkable natural phenomena which can only be experienced here in such an impressive manner. This Ladin valley is nestled in the beautifully unspoilt Puez-Odle Nature park, blessed by the presence of a unique mountain landscape: majestic massifs such as the Odle and Cir Summits, the Stevia and Puez mountains, the Sella and the unmistakeable Sassolungo reign supreme. The mountains can be reached quickly on foot from the valley’s three villages. Val Gardena is much more than all this, of course: the primordial home of woodcarvers, the valley’s history is deeply rooted in this area’s geological history – one which is waiting to be discovered.

Val Gardena is the dream destination for demanding travellers wanting to explore the Dolomites.

The charm of the Four Seasons
Discover and experience Val Gardena and the Dolomites in all its facets
Summer
Green Dolomites
An outdoor paradise in summer
Autumn
Burning Dolomites
Enrosadira: Unique natural spectacle in autumn
Winter
White Dolomites
A winter sports paradise
Spring
Secret Dolomites
The beauty of contrasts in spring
Val Gardena news and advice
What we do and things you should know
Winter Opening in Val Gardena
Winter Opening in Val Gardena

A memorable start to the skiing winter season in the heart of the Dolomites, combining authentic traditions, winter pleasures, exciting sports experiences, special offers and pure adrenaline on the…

Experience Seceda at its best
Experience Seceda at its best
Here you’ll find useful information and practical tips to experience Seceda at its best – including hike suggestions for an unforgettable visit.
Burning Dolomites
Burning Dolomites

When summer comes to an end, you can observe a very special natural spectacle in Val Gardena in autumn: Burning Dolomites (the burning mountains).

Dolomites Ranger
Dolomites Ranger
The Dolomites Rangers are committed to promoting awareness among hikers, cyclists, and walkers about the importance of protecting and respecting the Dolomites.
Top DOLOMITES Experiences
Top DOLOMITES Experiences

You must have experienced these special "experiences" during your holiday in Val Gardena.

Val Gardena Active
Val Gardena Active

This weekly programme is designed to give you an overview of what you can find in the stunning Val Gardena area. We would be glad to create an individual programme for you.

Inspire & dream...
Inspire & dream...
The brand new summer video about Val Gardena is here! Let yourself be inspired and carried over the beautiful Val Gardena landscape like the golden eagle in the new video.
Sustainability project Val Gardena
Sustainability project Val Gardena
Learn more about our sustainability project for responsible tourism in Val Gardena.
Lift tickets in a few clicks...
Lift tickets in a few clicks...

Single tickets for most lifts in Val Gardena and the Dolomiti SuperSummer Card can now be purchased online with just a few clicks.

Val Gardena Trip Planner
Val Gardena Trip Planner

In a few clicks to the perfect hike with lift and bus. Thanks to the new Val Gardena Trip Planner you will now have a very useful tool for planning your excursions, hikes and walks in Val Gardena.

Best price guarantee
Best price guarantee

Booking directly in Val Gardena has its advantages!

Val Gardena Mobil Card
Val Gardena Mobil Card

For the protection of the Dolomites and exclusively for Val Gardena guests, free use of the buses!

1
 / 
10
An outdoor paradise

Val Gardena is in the heart of majestic Dolomite celebrities and is a slice of heaven on earth for fans outdoor activities. Summer is the ideal season to explore the Dolomites in all their breadth and width, from pleasant valleys to imposing summits. The mild temperatures and cool, mountain breeze are ideal to explore the valley and its breathtaking natural highlights. A network of 600 km of well-prepared and well-signed hiking trails, 600 km mountain bike trails, and the new Trail Arena Val Gardena and countless climbing routs will leave you spoilt for choice.
There is something for hikers, climbers, and mountain bikers in Val Gardena’s Dolomites: family-friendly hikes, guided tours, insider tips or your favourite paths – what are you waiting for?

Discover Val Gardena excursions
1
Hiking kilometer
1
Huts
1
Lift pass
Events & Highlights
A constantly changing programme in Val Gardena and its surroundings.

Numerous cultural and musical events as well as sporting competitions during both the green summer months and the white winter season. Something for all tastes at every time of year.

All events at a glance
Culinarium Urtijëi - A culinary experience in autumn

Gastronomy/regional products

Culinarium Urtijëi - A culinary experience in autumn

 03.10. to the 11.10.2026
 Ortisei - South Tyrol

Lodges & refuges
Mountain huts and refuges
For the love of taste
Discover now
Bars & Restaurants
Restaurants
Cuisine for every taste
Discover now
Bars & Restaurants
Bars and cafés
Moments to savour
Discover now
Huts and refuges
Restaurants
Bars and cafés
Ortisei
Ortisei

Lively pedestrian zone with shopping, cafés and authentic Ladin charm

S. Cristina
S. Cristina

Sun-drenched village at the foot of the Langkofel with mountain views

Selva Val Gardena
Selva Val Gardena

Val Gardena’s highest village at the foot of the majestic Sella massif

Val Gardena Villages
Beautiful nature and a wealth of activities and offers

Ortisei, Selva di Val Gardena and S. Cristina: three immensely charming villages. Discover picturesque small towns, fantastic restaurants, both international fashion boutiques and traditional artisan shops, and delight yourself in Val Gardena hospitality!

Discover Val Gardena like an eagle with the "Val Gardena Virtual Tour".

Explore Val Gardena
https://www.valgardena.it/en/newsletter/
Let yourself be inspired
Latest news and stories first-hand
Subscribe now
Social Media
Follow us
Val Gardena in pictures and stories
Discover our channels
App
Val Gardena Guestinfo
Your digital companion in Val Gardena
Learn more
Newsletter
Social Media
App
Your way to Val Gardena
Your holiday destination in the heart of the Dolomites – how to get there.
Plan your journey
CONTACT
Dolomites Val Gardena
South Tyrol / Italy
+39 0471 777777
info@valgardena.it
VAT: IT02598130215
SERVICE
Press
Sales & Trade
Partner
Job opportunities
LINKS
Shop
Transfer
App
LANGUAGE
Deutsch
Italiano
English
NEWSLETTER

Latest news and first-hand stories from Val Gardena

Sign up now
FOLLOW US

@dolomitesvalgardena

Legal info
Privacy
Cookies
Login TIC-Web
Login TM
Login Promo DSS
made by 

Privacy Settings
This website uses its own cookies and third-party cookies. Some cookies are necessary for the functionality of the site ("Essential"), others are used for advanced functions ("Functional"), while other cookies are used for anonymous statistics ("Statistics") and to serve personalized ads ("Marketing" ). By clicking on "Allow all" you agree to the use of all cookies. Under "Cookie Settings" you will find detailed information and the option to make additional settings. Here you can also revoke your consent at any time. Read our privacy policy

COOKIE SETTINGS
Allow technical cookiesAllow all
