URL: https://www.valgardena.it/en/winter-holidays-dolomites/ski-passes/
TITLE: Ski card: Val Gardena, Alpe di Siusi & Dolomiti Superski
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:52:08.049Z

MENU
LIVE
SEARCH & BOOK
Home
Sport & Active
Winter
Ski passes
Ski pass Val Gardena / Seiser Alm & Dolomiti Superski: 5% discount on online purchases

Buy your ski pass directly from home and get a 5% discount. The 5% promotion is valid for online purchases made up to two days before use. Buying a one day skipass or multi day skipass, you will obtain a QR-Code and you can go directly to one of our Pick-up box to collect your skipass. Do you have a My Dolomiti Card? Then it is even easier. You can load your skipass comfortably from home onto your rechargeable skipass support. In this way you can go directly to the lifts, avoiding queuing at the cash desk. In addition, by reusing your card, you contribute to environmental protection.

IMPORTANT: do not throw away your personal My Dolomiti Card! If you reissue a new My Dolomiti Card in your name while the original is still valid, the 5% discount will be reduced to a 3% discount.

Ski pass calculator and online shop
Ski pass Val Gardena/Seiser Alm
79 lifts + 181 km ski runs

This ski pass Val Gardena/Seiser Alm* is valid on 79 lifts and 175 km ski runs in Val Gardena, stretching out as far as Passo Sella and Passo Gardena and also on Seiser Alm. To the "Online Skipass Price Calculator".

Italian Competition and Market Authority - The commitments of Dolomiti Superski have been accepted

Dolomiti Superski has been informed by the Italian Competition and Market Authority of the outcome of the proceedings initiated last year. The Authority has deemed the commitments submitted by Dolomiti Superski to be appropriate. Starting 15 October 2026, eligible customers (exclusively for holders of the Val Gardena valley ski pass) will be able to benefit from the measures provided for. Full details regarding the procedures and timelines will be communicated through Dolomiti Superski’s and Skiresort's official channels.

Further Information
Ski pass Dolomiti Superski
The pleasure of skiing on 1.200 km of ski runs

The Dolomiti Superski* ski pass is the super-pass for the whole area of the Dolomites. This ski pass is valid in 12 valleys on 1.200 km of slopes. The ski pass includes also the famous Sellaronda and many other Dolomite ski tours. To the "Online Skipass Price Calculator".

(*) We cannot guarantee that the lifts will be functioning in all the valleys until end of season.

Transferable debit-cards and single
600 units - 50,00 € (-17%)
1.000 units - 80,00 € (-20%)
2.100 units - 150,00 € (-29%)
Table of units + pedestrian-accessible lifts
1
 / 
3
Ski pass offices

The ski pass is available in Ortisei at the valley station of the cable car "Alpe di Siusi", in S. Cristina (center) and in Selva Val Gardena at the valley station of the cable car "Ciampinoi". The day tickets and more day tickets (except seasonal ski pass) can also be purchased at the main lifts.

Opening hours of ski pass offices:
14.11.2025 - 03.12.2025
04.12.2025 - 29.03.2026
30.03.2026 - 07.04.2026
Further information:
Ski pass sales point Selva Val Gardena - Ciampinoi
Ski pass sales point S. Cristina
Ski pass sales point Ortisei - Alpe di Siusi (Mont Sëuc)

IMPORTANT: The ski pass offices only provide information about the sale of ski passes.

MyDolomiti Skicard & ski pass online shop
Buy online and go!

My Dolomiti Card is a personal chip card that can be recharged with ski passes as many times as desired – at the ski pass office as well as online. It can be ordered for free through the new personal area “My Dolomiti” on the site www.dolomitisuperski.com. First time you need to pick it up in on of the 52 ski pass sales offices, then you avoid the queues.

We invite you to sign in without additional costs and to use also other helpful online services for your holidays in the Dolomites.

One of the many features of the My Dolomiti Card is the "Performance Check". This check allows you to see your performance on the slopes on a daily basis. Sign in for the free personal area „My Dolomiti“ and activate your Performance Check and other helpful utilities for getting your ski holidays on the slopes of Val Gardena even more thrilling.

Skipass Online Shop & Pick-Up Box

You can buy your online ski pass (except the reduced tickets) and get a voucher in PDF-format. Print it out or save it on your smartphone and scan the QR-code at the Pick-Up Box, in order to immediately print your ski pass without additional costs.You will find these boxes at the follow lifts (valley station): Plan de Gralba, Ciampinoi, Dantercepies, Mont Sëura, Saslong, Col Raiser, Ortisei-Alpe di Siusi and Seceda.

People who already own a Card (my dolomiti) can recharge it online and go directly to the ski slopes without any detour.

Self-service machines

It is also possible to buy the ski passes directly at the ticket machines. Such self-service machines are located at the valley stations of Ortisei - Alpe di Siusi, Seceda, Ruacia, Ciampinoi and in front of the ski pass office of S. Cristina.

E-Ski pass

With your personal chip card "MyDolomiti Skicard" the ski pass purchase is easy and convenient. Simply book and pay online with your credit card the ski pass of your choice, choosing between a day, multiple-day or season skipass. The automatic chip card system transfers the booked skiing days at first contact with the reading device at the lift facility onto your personal "MyDolomiti Skicard" and gives automatic access to all lift facilities.

For special terms for families please turn to the main ski pass offices. Book your ski pass in advance and pick it up at any time at the ‘Ticket Box’. You will find these boxes at the entrance of the ski pass offices and at the folow lifts: Piz Sella, Dantercepies, Ciampinoi, Ruacia, Seceda, Alpe di Siusi (Ortisei and Siusi).

Another new service ist the "Hotel Ski Pass Service" that allows skiers to buy the preferred pass online and then conveniently find it waiting in their hotel room upon arrival – thanks to a collaboration with accommodation providers, who will receive a copy of the voucher in advance and collect the ski pass for their guests. Many accomodations offer also the "direct ski pass sale at the hotel".

More information on: www.dolomitisuperski.com
Skiing insurance

Ensure yourself the peace of mind of being insured during your holiday. Before hitting the slopes it is advisable to be insured. Where there are many people on the move, things can easily happen - not deliberately, but sometimes accidents can happen in a split second. Ski equipment can be damaged or a person hurt; becoming expensive when helicopter rescue operations, hospital expenses, loss of income, etc. are involved.

From 01.01.2022 on, every user of the ski areas must have third-party liability insurance. IMPORTANT: the skipass does not include insurance and no liability insurance is offered at ski pass issuing points!

We recommend the ski insurance by Deutscher Skiverband (DSV - the German Skiing Association), covering public liability and ski theft.

DSV Ski insurance: www.ski-online.de

An alternative could be the "Snowcare" insurance. "Snowcare is the most popular ski and snowboard insurance in Europe. It is the only ski and snowboard accident insurance policy that can be purchased for one day. The ski and snowboard insurance can be purchased for one to nine days from € 3,00 per day and can be purchased online.

Further information:

Customer support B2C Innovation S.p.A.: help.24hassistance.com
Multisport: www.24hassistance.com
BUY YOUR INSURANCE HERE ONLINE
Reductions and special conditions
Juniors & Seniors
Juniors (born 2008-2017) receive a reduction of around 30% on adult prices for a ski pass of one or several days.
Seniors (born 1960 and before) receive a reduction of around 10% on adult prices for a ski pass of one or several days.

Except for day-, seasonal ski passes and 8 days in the season. To obtain the discount for junior and senior categories, it is necessary to ask in person and show your I.D. card.

A parent who purchases a full-rate season ski pass can, at the same time, obtain a discounted season ski pass for their child at the price of €335.00. This discount applies to children and youths born between 2008 and 2017 and is granted for one child or youth per full-paying parent. If no season skipass for a full-paying parent is purchased at the same time, children and youths born in this period can buy the season skipass at the reduced price of €650.00.

Senior skiers can take advantage of reduced rates on the season ski pass. For seniors born in 1960 or earlier, the price is €970.00.
Supersenior skiers can enjoy special reduced rates. For those born in 1955 or earlier, the season ski pass costs €820.00.

Children

Anyone purchasing a full-price adult or senior day or multi-day ski pass* can, at the same time, receive a free ski pass of the same type and duration for their child born between 2018 and 2022. Each full-paying adult is entitled to one free child ski pass. If no corresponding full-price adult or senior ski pass is purchased at the same time, children in this age group are entitled to a 50% discount on day and multi-day ski passes.
Anyone purchasing a season skipass for a full-paying parent can simultaneously obtain a free season skipass of the same type and validity for one of their children. The child must have been born between 2018 and 2022. For each full-paying parent, one child is entitled to the free skipass. If no season skipass for a full-paying parent is purchased at the same time, children in this age group are eligible for the reduced season skipass price of €315.00.

*Also valid for online purchases.

Kids go free

When purchasing an full-price adult or senior ski pass and a child ski pass at the same time, children born between 2018 and 2022 are entitled to a free day or multi-day ski pass of the same type and duration as the accompanying adult’s or senior’s ski pass. Each accompanying adult is entitled to one free child ski pass. If no corresponding full-price adult or senior ski pass is purchased at the same time, children in this age group are eligible for a 50% discount on day and multi-day ski passes. The issuance must be carried out at the same time and is only available at a central ski pass sales point.*
If buying a season skipass for a child (born 2018-2022) and a full-price season ski pass for a parent parent at the same time, the child’s skipass is free. Savings are always granted in the ratio of 1 child for 1 parent. In order to be able to take advantage of this formula, it is necessary to show your family certificate or alternatively your identity cards showing that you belong to the same household (same address and same surname). The skipasses must be issued at the same time and are available only at a central ski pass selling point.* Otherwise, children’s skipasses are available at a discounted price of € 315.

Parents with child up to 3 years

This ski pass allows the ski lifts to be used alternately by both parents so that one can look after the child. The ski pass price (2 to 31 days) is 20% higher than the adult price (excluding seasonal, Superdays, DTL, value cards and Superski Family). The child must be born after 01/01/2023.*

Parents with more than 3 children

In the case of simultaneous purchase of multi-day skipasses for 2 parents and 3 Junior children (born 2008-2017), the 3rd Junior child will receive the multi-day skipass free of charge. The discount will be applied if 2 skipasses for parents and 3 skipasses for Junior children are purchased at the same time. The skipass for the 3rd Junior child or further Junior /Kid skipasses in the family will be free of charge.* The skipasses must be issued at the same time. Available only at a ski pass selling point.*

For large families with more than 2 children under 18 (born 2008-2017) who purchase at least four season passes (of which 2 parents + 2 children/juniors), the season pass for the third and fourth child, child or junior, is free. The skipasses must be issued at the same time. Available only at a ski pass selling point.*

Superski Family

Families composed of at least 3 people can add their MyDolomiti Skicards to the “Superski Family” solution and charge it with skiing days, from at least 10 to 20 days each ticket. Any family member can use the available amount of days in total flexibility, according to the skiing preferences. More info here.

Organized Groups (21 people)

Organized groups, i.e. members of an association or organization carrying out sports activities (e.g. ski clubs, university sports centers, etc.), recreational or corporate activities, have the opportunity to benefit from a group discount. Groups consisting of families or those formed spontaneously in a hotel are strictly excluded. This benefit is valid exclusively for day and multi-day ski passes.
The group can choose between two options:

7% discount on all paying skipasses of the same type (minimum of 20 paying skipasses purchased at the same time)
or
1 free skipass for every 20 paying skipasses of the same type purchased at the same time

At the following link you will find further information on all the reductions provided by Dolomit Superski.

Attention
At the beginning and at the end of the season it is possible that some lifts could be closed and the skiable area could be limited.
Discounted and multiday ski passes are sold only in the central offices.
Refunds:
A request for reimbursement will be accepted only if accompanied by the returned ski pass.
medical certificate (issued by a physician practising in the Dolomiti Superski area or by the hospital where the injured person has been taken to).
The reimbursement is calculated based on how many days have already been used by the bearer and this procedure is also valid for the seasonal ski passes.
Daily ski passes cannot be reimbursed.
Editors are in no way responsible for given information nor for completeness, correctness and for it being up to date. No responsibility can be given to editors if the use of the given information leeds to material and/or moral damage. The offers and discounts listed above should always be checked again before arrival at www.dolomitisuperski.com.
Your way to Val Gardena
Your holiday destination in the heart of the Dolomites – how to get there.
Plan your journey
CONTACT
Dolomites Val Gardena
South Tyrol / Italy
+39 0471 777777
info@valgardena.it
VAT: IT02598130215
SERVICE
Press
Sales & Trade
Partner
Job opportunities
LINKS
Shop
Transfer
App
LANGUAGE
Deutsch
Italiano
English
NEWSLETTER

Latest news and first-hand stories from Val Gardena

Sign up now
FOLLOW US

@dolomitesvalgardena

Legal info
Privacy
Cookies
Login TIC-Web
Login TM
Login Promo DSS
made by 

Privacy Settings
This website uses its own cookies and third-party cookies. Some cookies are necessary for the functionality of the site ("Essential"), others are used for advanced functions ("Functional"), while other cookies are used for anonymous statistics ("Statistics") and to serve personalized ads ("Marketing" ). By clicking on "Allow all" you agree to the use of all cookies. Under "Cookie Settings" you will find detailed information and the option to make additional settings. Here you can also revoke your consent at any time. Read our privacy policy

COOKIE SETTINGS
Allow technical cookiesAllow all
