URL: https://www.mthotham.com.au/lessons/lessons/adult-lessons
TITLE: Adult Lessons | Hotham Alpine Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:40:22.027Z

Lowest Price for 2027 Ends 14 October
Learn More
Book
Join Our Newsletter

Stay up to date with mountain updates, snow conditions, events & deals.

Sign up to our newsletter
Winter
Resort
Mountain
Lift Passes
Lessons
Hire
Accommodation
LESSON
ADULT GROUP LESSONS
HOME / ADULT LESSONS

Hotham is closed for winter. We can't wait to welcome you back next season!

Find your winter adventure at Hotham. 

Adult Group Lessons are a fun and cost-effective way to progress your skills and maximise your time on the slopes.

MORE DETAILS

Epic Australia Pass and Epic Australia Day Pass holders receive 20% off Adult Group Lessons, when purchased online and in advance.

First time skiing or snowboarding? Check out our Afternoon First Timer Lessons. 

 

 

See all images
The Details
Times & Place
What To Bring
Ability levels
Book Online

What you need to know

All Adult Group Lesson participants meet at the bottom of the Summit, between Summit Trainer (the carpet) and The Bird.

Everyone can benefit from a lesson, whether it’s conquering your first double black or linking your first turns. Being shown a secret spot or skiing over the bridge for the first time. Mastering parallel turns or tidying up that technique. 

No matter your level, we guarantee you'll level up with a lesson.

Please note: Lessons with two or fewer guests will run for a reduced duration. Lessons will be reduced by 1-hour given the highly personalised instruction that comes with a semi-private or private environment.

Reasons to take a lesson

Learn from the best snowsports instructors in the industry
Skip lift lines with priority loading
Receive more personalised tuition and progress faster
Explore the mountain in ways you've never seen before!
Get insider tips from the people who ski and ride the resort every single day
 

Ways to save on group lessons

Buy your group lesson online, in advance and across multiple days for the best discounts.
Buy 4, Ski 5 - book 5 consecutive days of Adult Group lessons and only pay for 4. Excluding 27 June - 19 July, 2026.
Epic Australia Pass holders receive up to 20% savings on any group lessons.

A valid lift ticket is required for all group lessons and is not included within the lesson price.
 

Frequently Asked Questions
Hotham Ski and Snowboard School
Preparing for your lesson
What happens if I'm late for my lesson?
How do I change or cancel my lesson?
The 2027 Epic Australia Pass is on sale now

LOCK IN THE LOWEST PRICE

Secure unlimited laps at Hotham next season. Lowest price for 2027 ends 14 October.

Learn More
Passes, lessons and rentals on sale!

DISCOVER HOTHAM

Make this winter one to remember!

Plan Your Trip
Why choose Hotham?

HOTHAM. FOR LIFE

Australia's highest alpine village, exhilarating terrain and passionate snow community.

Learn More

Join our mailing list

Sign Up

Get in touch

Contact Us
Resort
About Us
Employment
News Room
Media Centre
Alpine Resorts Victoria
Real Estate
Winter
Explore
Plan Your Trip
Lift Passes
Lessons & Hire
Accommodation
Summer
Explore
Activities
Hiking & Walking
Accommodation
 

Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions

© 2026 Hotham Alpine Resort, All Rights Reserved.
