URL: https://www.mthotham.com.au/lessons/lessons/kids-lessons
TITLE: Kids Ski and Snowboard Lessons | Hotham Alpine Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:40:36.669Z

Lowest Price for 2027 Ends 14 October
Learn More
Book
Join Our Newsletter

Stay up to date with mountain updates, snow conditions, events & deals.

Sign up to our newsletter
Winter
Resort
Mountain
Lift Passes
Lessons
Hire
Accommodation
LESSON
KIDS SKI & SNOWBOARD LESSONS

Hotham is closed for winter. We can't wait to welcome you back next season!

Let your kids fall in love with the snow in lessons. 

Hotham offers half and full-day, week-long and season-long lesson programs for Mighty Mites (3-6) and Kids Club (7-14), so you can choose the perfect option to suit you family snow adventures!

MIGHTY MITES KIDS CLUB

Epic Australia Pass and Epic Australia Day Pass holders receive 20% off Mighty Mites and Kids Club lessons when purchased online and in advance.
 

 

 

MIGHTY MITES

Perfect for kids aged 3-6 years old, our Mighty Mites ski program opens up the world and excitement of snowsports to our younger guests.

Learn More
KIDS CLUB

For bigger kids aged 7-14, Hotham’s Kids Club offers full and half-day snowsports lessons in skiing and snowboarding.

Learn More
WINTER SPORTS CLUB

School holiday camps and season long weekend programs perfect for regulars and locals alike, designed for kids skiing or boarding at level 4 and above.

Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
Hotham Ski and Snowboard School
Preparing for your child’s lesson
During your child's lesson
How do I change or cancel my lesson?
Kids on Lifts Safety Video

Need some tips on how to safely ride the chairlift? This video shares everything you need to know to keep you safe when approaching, loading, riding and unloading the chairlift.

The 2027 Epic Australia Pass is on sale now

LOCK IN THE LOWEST PRICE

Secure unlimited laps at Hotham next season. Lowest price for 2027 ends 14 October.

Learn More
Passes, lessons and rentals on sale!

DISCOVER HOTHAM

Make this winter one to remember!

Plan Your Trip
Why choose Hotham?

HOTHAM. FOR LIFE

Australia's highest alpine village, exhilarating terrain and passionate snow community.

Learn More

Join our mailing list

Sign Up

Get in touch

Contact Us
Resort
About Us
Employment
News Room
Media Centre
Alpine Resorts Victoria
Real Estate
Winter
Explore
Plan Your Trip
Lift Passes
Lessons & Hire
Accommodation
Summer
Explore
Activities
Hiking & Walking
Accommodation
 

Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions

© 2026 Hotham Alpine Resort, All Rights Reserved.
