URL: https://www.mthotham.com.au/lessons/lessons/private-lessons
TITLE: Private Ski and Snowboard Lessons | Hotham Alpine resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:40:51.205Z

Lowest Price for 2027 Ends 14 October
Learn More
Book
Join Our Newsletter

Stay up to date with mountain updates, snow conditions, events & deals.

Sign up to our newsletter
Winter
Resort
Mountain
Lift Passes
Lessons
Hire
Accommodation
LESSON
PRIVATE SKI & SNOWBOARD LESSONS

Hotham is closed for winter. We can't wait to welcome you back next season!

Find your winter adventure at Hotham. 

With plenty of durations and start times, for more flexibility and convenience, whether it's your first time on the snow or you're a seasoned professional, you will always improve faster with a private lesson.

MORE DETAILS

Epic Australia Pass and Epic Australia Day Pass holders receive 20% off Private Lessons, when purchased online and in advance.

 

Seeking a personalized group experience? Grab your friends or family of a similar ability to split with mates and save.

 

 

See all images
The Details
Times & Place
What To Bring
Book Online

Fast track your on-snow skills with a personalised lesson

Whether it's your first time on the snow or you're a seasoned pro, you will always improve with a private lesson. Our Ski and Snowboard School instructors are passionate, experienced and offer supportive instruction in a safe learning environment to suit all levels of skiing, snowboarding and telemark. Lessons can be taken solo or with friends and family, however all participants must be the same ability and skiers and snowboarders cannot be in the same lesson.

 

Highlights of a private lesson:

Exclusive one-on-one time with your own instructor 
A choice of times and durations to suit your needs 
Personalised lesson planning to support your progression 
Skip lift lines with our priority queuing 
Explore the mountain in ways you've never seen before
Frequently Asked Questions
Are lift passes and rental gear included in the private lesson price?
What do I need to bring to my lesson?
Can adults and children go into a private lesson together?
Can we ski and snowboard in the same private lesson?
How many people can you book into a private lesson?
Will there be other members of the public in my private lesson?
I want to book a full-day private lesson (6 or 7 hours), is there a lunch break included?
Can I request a specific instructor for my lesson?
What is your cancellation policy?
Hotham Ski and Snowboard School
Preparing for your lesson
What happens if I'm late for my lesson?
How do I change or cancel my lesson?
The 2027 Epic Australia Pass is on sale now

LOCK IN THE LOWEST PRICE

Secure unlimited laps at Hotham next season. Lowest price for 2027 ends 14 October.

Learn More
Passes, lessons and rentals on sale!

DISCOVER HOTHAM

Make this winter one to remember!

Plan Your Trip
Why choose Hotham?

HOTHAM. FOR LIFE

Australia's highest alpine village, exhilarating terrain and passionate snow community.

Learn More

Join our mailing list

Sign Up

Get in touch

Contact Us
Resort
About Us
Employment
News Room
Media Centre
Alpine Resorts Victoria
Real Estate
Winter
Explore
Plan Your Trip
Lift Passes
Lessons & Hire
Accommodation
Summer
Explore
Activities
Hiking & Walking
Accommodation
 

Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions

© 2026 Hotham Alpine Resort, All Rights Reserved.
