URL: https://www.skiarlberg.at/en/tickets-season-times/prices-tickets-winter
TITLE: Prices & tickets winter | Ski Arlberg
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:00.069Z

Skiing with smart cookies
Diese Website verwendet Cookies, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie das beste Ergebnis auf der Website erzielen.

Mehr über cookies >>

Datenschutzerklärung von Google

Details anzeigen
NUR NOTWENDIGE
EINVERSTANDEN!
Unbedingt erforderlich
Funktional
Statistik
Marketing
powered by:
Cookie Information
Back to main content
Back to main content
Jump to navigation
Table Of Content
Prices and tickets in the winter
Ski Arlberg tickets at a glance
Single journeys
Sunshine Subscription
Alternation-day-passes
Group tariffs
Price/season times/conditions
Payment options
Buy tickets online
Buy a season ticket
Ski Arlberg – An Epic Winter
Frequently Asked Questions
More information for planning your ski day
Menu
Regions
Live info
Tickets
Login
Start 
Tickets and season times 
Prices & tickets
Prices and tickets in the winter

Learn more about prices and tickets for an unforgettable winter adventure in Austria’s largest ski resort.

Download the ticket guide
Summer
Winter
PRICES AND TICKETS
Ski Arlberg tickets at a glance
Peak season
19 December 2026 to 2 April 2027
Wedel & sun ski weeks
2 December 2026 to 18 December 2026¹ and 3 April 2027 to 18 April 2027¹
Season passes
Validity period: Winter Season 2026/27
Morning/afternoon/hourly tickets
Beginner tickets
Single journeys
Single journeys across ski regions
Sunshine Subscription
The ticket for guests without winter sport equipment (valid on selected cable cars and lifts).
Sunshine Subscription
Alternation-day-passes
Holders of the 3TälerPass and the Warth-Schröcken season ticket receive discounts on Ski Arlberg day passes.
Alternation-day-passes

1) Season start & season end dates:

Start of season: 02.12.26 (limited operation possible); Warth/Schröcken: 04.12.26; Klösterle-Sonnenkopf: 11.12.26
End of season: 18.4.27 (limited operation possible); Warth/Schröcken and Klösterle-Sonnenkopf: 11.04.27

 

2) Ski pass purchase the day before the following day: The passes can be used from 4 pm the day before they become valid. Ski passes are only valid on consecutive days.

 

3) In case of limitation in Lech-Oberlech-Zürs and/or Warth-Schröcken these tickets will be issued in St. Anton, St. Christoph and Stuben and at Sonnenkopf with limited validity for the respective lifts/cable cars.

 

4) Proof of age required.

 

5) Children are transported in accordance with the terms and conditions outlined in the conditions of conveyance.

 

6) Family bonus: When purchasing Ski Arlberg season passes, the third and all younger siblings (children or youths according to the tariff regulations) of a family receive the Ski Arlberg season pass free of charge, provided that at least one parent and their first and second child (children or youths according to the tariff regulations) of the same family purchase a Ski Arlberg season pass. The family relationship must be proven in an appropriate manner (official IDs, etc.). All ski passes must be purchased together and at the same time.

 

 

WINTER 2026/27
Group tariffs
Snowman 2019 and younger
Children 2011-2018
Youth 2007-2010
Seniors 1953-1962
Active seniors 1952 and older

 

Price/season times/conditions
Subject to change; Provisional Status as of August 2026.

The prices listed here are based on calculations carried out in August 2026. However, actual developments of the key cost factors used in the calculation of these prices (e.g. energy costs, inflation etc.) cannot be estimated at present. For this reason, it is possible that the prices may need to be re-calculated in the event of corresponding increases. We therefore reserve the right to adjust the prices for ski passes at a later date - but of course not retrospectively after the purchase of a ski pass. In all cases, the price notified at this (later) date shall be payable. Otherwise we refer to our General Terms and Conditions of Business.

 

 

Terms & Conditions
Payment options
As well as cash, payments can be made with the following card types:
Maestro
V Pay
Visa
MasterCard
Diners Club International
American Express

All prices are in euros, inclusive of VAT, plus a €5.00 deposit for the Ski Arlberg chip card. The General Terms and Conditions of Ski Arlberg apply. These are available at the ticket offices and can be found online at www.skiarlberg.at/en. Prices and other conditions are subject to change! The chip card remains the property of Ski Arlberg.

WEBSHOP
Buy tickets online
Available in the webshop from 27 November 2026.

PRESALE
Buy a season ticket
From 27 November 2026, season tickets will be available at a reduced early bird price in the webshop.
Find out more
Ski Arlberg – An Epic Winter

Let the diversity of Ski Arlberg, Austria’s largest ski resort and one of the world’s top five, ignite your excitement. Endless possibilities await winter lovers, those craving the thrill of freedom or seeking a true challenge.

Alongside 300 kilometres of slopes, over 200 kilometres of captivating powder runs and 85 cable cars and lifts, Ski Arlberg offers reliable snow, culinary delights and vibrant events.

Find out more about the ski resort
PRICES AND TICKETS
Frequently Asked Questions
Good to know
Are there single journeys and how much do they cost?
Can I use the Snow Card Tirol in the Ski Arlberg resort?
Can I use the Freizeitticket Tirol in the Ski Arlberg ski resort?
Is the Ländle Card (Vorarlberg) valid in the Ski Arlberg ski area?
As a 3-Täler-Pass holder, how do I get a discount on the Ski Arlberg day pass?
Can you take a day off with a multi-day ticket?
Can I purchase Ski Arlberg ski tickets online?
Where do I get the deposit for the chip cards back and how does it work?
Are tickets for pedestrians also available in the Ski Arlberg ski area?
Can ski passes be transferred?
How does the hourly ticket work?
How much does a day ticket cost at the Ski Arlberg ski resort?
Is there a half-day ticket for the morning?
Is there accident insurance?
Do you need a ski pass to use the toboggan run?
Why is my Epic Pass not valid here?
Do you have to activate the leisure ticket at the ticket office first?
SKI ARLBERG
More information for planning your ski day
Ski Arlberg App
Ski resort
Services
Culinary Experiences
Legend of the Alps
St. Anton
St. Christoph
Stuben
Lech
Oberlech
Zürs
Warth-Schröcken
Contact
Jobs
Press
FIS Rules
Privacy policy
Data processing
Terms & Conditions
Legal notice
Accessibility
