URL: https://www.skiarlberg.at/en/lech-zuers/tickets-season-times/prices-tickets-winter
TITLE: Prices and tickets | Lech Zürs
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:07.282Z

Skiing with smart cookies
Diese Website verwendet Cookies, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie das beste Ergebnis auf der Website erzielen.

Mehr über cookies >>

Datenschutzerklärung von Google

Details anzeigen
NUR NOTWENDIGE
EINVERSTANDEN!
Unbedingt erforderlich
Funktional
Statistik
Marketing
powered by:
Cookie Information
Back to main content
Back to main content
Jump to navigation
Table Of Content
Prices & tickets in winter
Ticket for the Ski Arlberg ski resort
Single journeys and cable car tickets for Lech Zürs
Lech Zürs toboggan run
Weekly events in Lech Zürs
Alternation-day-passes
Sunshine Subscription
Rates/Season times/Regulations
Categories of individuals
Buy ski tickets online
Tickets in Lech Zürs
One ski pass, multiple possibilities
Frequently Asked Questions
Other interesting topics
Menu
Regions
Live info
Tickets
Login
Start 
Lech Zürs 
Tickets & season times 
Prices & tickets
Prices & tickets in winter

All ski ticket prices and lift tickets at a glance: From day tickets to multi-day tickets or summer cable car tickets. Plan your winter and summer holiday in Lech Zürs am Arlberg conveniently and easily now.

Summer
Winter

All ticket options in Lech Zürs at a glance – for unlimited winter fun

Ski tickets
Ski Arlberg
Single journeys
Lech Zürs
Toboggan run
Lech Zürs
Early starts and events
Lech Zürs
Alternation-day-passes
3TälerPass ➞ Ski Arlberg
Sunshine Subscription
for guests without winter equipment
WINTER 2026/27
Ticket for the Ski Arlberg ski resort
Ski Arlberg tickets
A Ski Arlberg ticket is your gateway to Austria's largest ski resort. 300 kilometres of ski runs, over 200 kilometres of powder-snow runs and 85 state-of-the-art cable cars and lifts await winter sports enthusiasts.
WINTER 2026/27
Single journeys and cable car tickets for Lech Zürs
Single journeys on the cable cars in Lech
Zugerbergbahn, Rüfikopfbahn, Schlegelkopfbahn, Schlosskopfbahn and Weibermahdbahn
Single journeys on the cable cars in Oberlech
Bergbahn Oberlech and Petersbodenbahn lifts
Single journeys on the cable cars in Zürs
Seekopfbahn, Zürserseebahn, Trittkopfbahn I, Trittkopfbahn II and Flexenbahn
Single journeys on practice lifts
Flühenlift, Hinterwies and Oberlech practice lifts
WINTER 2026/27
Lech Zürs toboggan run
Tobogganing
Tickets for the Bergbahn Oberlech cable car
WINTER 2026/27
Weekly events in Lech Zürs
Prices for the weekly events will be published shortly.
Early starts
Schottenhof tour
Every Thursday
Fondue Evening
Every Friday in the Rüfikopf panorama restaurant
Whisky tasting
Every Tuesday in the Schlegelkopf restaurant
WINTER 2026/27
Alternation-day-passes
Holders of the 3TälerPass and the Warth-Schröcken season ticket receive discounts on Ski Arlberg day passes.
Alternation-day-passes
WINTER 2026/27
Sunshine Subscription
A seven-day ticket for guests without winter sports equipment (valid on selected cable cars and lifts).
Sunshine Subscription
Rates/Season times/Regulations
Provisional Status as of August 2026. Changes possible.

The prices listed here are based on calculations carried out in August 2026. However, actual developments of the key cost factors used in the calculation of these prices (e.g. energy costs, inflation etc.) cannot be estimated at present. For this reason, it is possible that the prices may need to be re-calculated in the event of corresponding increases. We therefore reserve the right to adjust the prices for ski passes at a later date – but of course not retrospectively after the purchase of a ski pass. In all cases, the price notified at this (later) date shall be payable.

Terms & Conditions
WINTER 2026/27
Categories of individuals
Snowman 2019 and younger
Children 2011-2018
Youth 2007-2010
Seniors 1953-1962
Active seniors 1952 and older

1) Start of the season & end of the season

Start of season: 02.12.26 (limited operation possible); Warth/Schröcken: 04.12.26; Klösterle-Sonnenkopf: 11.12.26
End of season: 18.4.27 (limited operation possible); Warth/Schröcken and Klösterle-Sonnenkopf: 11.04.27

 

2) Ski pass purchase the day before for the following day: The passes can be used from 4 pm the day before they become valid. Ski passes are only valid on consecutive days.

 

3) In the case of limitation in Lech-Oberlech-Zürs and/oder Warth-Schröcken these tickets will be issued in St. Anton, St. Christoph and Stuben and at Sonnenkopf with limited validity for the respective lifts/cable cars.

 

4) Proof of age required.

 

5) Children are transported in accordance with the terms and conditions outlined in the conditions of conveyance.

 

6) Family bonus: When purchasing Ski Arlberg season passes, the third and all younger siblings (children or youths according to the tariff regulations) of a family receive the Ski Arlberg season pass free of charge, provided that at least one parent and their first and second child (children or youths according to the tariff regulations) of the same family purchase a Ski Arlberg season pass. The family relationship must be proven in an appropriate manner (official IDs, etc.). All ski passes must be purchased together and at the same time.

SKI ARLBERG
Buy ski tickets online

Ski tickets can be booked directly online in the Lech Zürs webshop. Chip cards can be topped up or collected at pick-up stations. Lift tickets can be purchased quickly and without waiting times.

Cash desks and ticket machines
Sales points
Season times
View season times
SKITICKETS AND MORE
Tickets in Lech Zürs
6 cash desks

Personal advice

10 ticket machines

For an unlimited period of time

1 Webshop

>Secure your ski ticket online

4 chip card return machines

The deposit fee will refunded

CASH DESKS, TICKET MACHINES AND WEBSHOP IN LECH ZÜRS
One ski pass, multiple possibilities
I would like to buy a ski pass
I purchased a ski pass in the online shop and would like to pick it up
I would like to top up my chip card
I would like to return my chip card
PRICES AND TICKETS
Frequently Asked Questions
Good to know
Are there discounts for disability card holders?
What are the rates for carers?
LECH ZÜRS
Other interesting topics
Season times
Cash desks & ticket machines
Culinary Experiences
Legend of the Alps
Instagram
Facebook
Contact
Jobs
Press
FIS rules
Privacy policy
Data processing
Terms & Conditions
Legal notice
Accessibility
