URL: https://www.skiarlberg.at/en/tickets-season-times/prices-tickets-winter/sunshine-subscription
TITLE: [[Sunshine]] Subscription | skiarlberg.at
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:12.363Z

Skiing with smart cookies
Diese Website verwendet Cookies, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie das beste Ergebnis auf der Website erzielen.

Mehr über cookies >>

Datenschutzerklärung von Google

Details anzeigen
NUR NOTWENDIGE
EINVERSTANDEN!
Unbedingt erforderlich
Funktional
Statistik
Marketing
powered by:
Cookie Information
Back to main content
Back to main content
Jump to navigation
Table Of Content
Sunshine Subscription
Prices and Information
This may also be of intereset
Menu
Regions
Live info
Tickets
Login
Start 
Tickets and season times 
Prices & tickets 
Sonnenabo
Sunshine Subscription
The ticket for guests without winter equipment.

Prices and Information
A seven-day Sunshine Subscription costs €201.00 for adults and €120.00 for children.

The Sunshine Subscription is valid for ascents and descents on the following cable cars:

Lech / Oberlech / Zürs: Zugerbergbahn, Rüfikopfbahn, Schlegelkopfbahn, Schlosskopfbahn, Bergbahn Oberlech until 6 p.m., Petersbodenbahn, Weibermahdbahn, Seekopfbahn, Zürserseebahn Trittkopfbahn I & II and Flexenbahn
St. Anton / St. Christoph: Galzigbahn, Vallugabahn I, Vallugabahn II, Gampenbahn, Kapallbahn, Nassereinbahn, Rendlbahn, St. Christophbahn and Albonabahn I. Use of the toboggan run during the day and in the evening is included. Not valid for paragliding pilots.
Klösterle / Sonnenkopf: Sonnenkopfbahn

 

All prices are in € and include VAT plus a €5.00 deposit for the Ski Arlberg Card. The Ski Arlberg terms and conditions apply. These are available at the ski pass offices and can be found here. Prices and other conditions are subject to change!

Couple hiking in snowy mountain landscape
Couple enjoying snowy mountain view
Snow fun in the mountains
Family outing in the snowy mountains
SKI ARLBERG
This may also be of intereset
Prices & tickets
Live info
Summer at the Arlberg
Season times
Legend of the Alps
St. Anton
St. Christoph
Stuben
Lech
Oberlech
Zürs
Warth-Schröcken
Contact
Jobs
Press
FIS Rules
Privacy policy
Data processing
Terms & Conditions
Legal notice
Accessibility
