URL: https://www.skiarlberg.at/en/st-anton/tickets-season-times/prices-tickets-summer
TITLE: Summer tariffs and tickets | skiarlberg.at
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:16.958Z

Skiing with smart cookies
Diese Website verwendet Cookies, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie das beste Ergebnis auf der Website erzielen.

Mehr über cookies >>

Datenschutzerklärung von Google

Details anzeigen
NUR NOTWENDIGE
EINVERSTANDEN!
Unbedingt erforderlich
Funktional
Statistik
Marketing
powered by:
Cookie Information
Back to main content
Back to main content
Jump to navigation
Table Of Content
Summer tariffs and tickets
Summer tariffs
Arlberg Trail
Special tariffs
More topics
Menu
Regions
Live info
Webshop
Login
Start 
St. Anton 
Tickets & season times 
Rates & tickets summer
Summer tariffs and tickets
From the Arlberg Trail to the hiking and bike tickets – find out all you need to know about tariffs and tickets for the 2026 summer season.
SUMMER 2026
Summer tariffs
Prices valid for summer 2026
Day tickets
Hiking tickets
Bike tickets
52 KILOMETRES, 6,000 METERS OF ELEVATION GAIN
Arlberg Trail
The Arlberg Trail is a unique adventure in a spectacular alpine landscape. This challenging long-distance hiking trail connects the five Arlberg villages of Lech, Zürs, Stuben, St. Christoph and St. Anton in three stages over a total of 52 kilometres and more than 6,000 meters of elevation gain. It demands a lot of effort but always rewards you for your work. And thanks to the cable cars, you can make the route a little easier here and there.
Arlberg Trail ticket
Rüfikopfbahn, Galzigbahn, Vallugabahn I, Seekopfbahn
SUMMER 2026
Special tariffs
Seniors: same rate as adults
Disabled: Proof of disability (70% disability or more) is required.
The accompanying carer (registered on the ID card) receives the same tariff.
Children/youth: Free ticket for children born in year 2020 and later. Children and young people: born 2007 to 2019.
Proof of age required.
Groups:
For every 20 paid tickets, one ticket is free of charge (plus an additional ticket for the bus driver or the travel agent).
School groups: €15.50 for the all-in ticket

We reserve the right to change tariffs, operating hours and conditions of carriage.

Tariffs are in Euros, including 10% VAT.

ST. ANTON – ST. CHRISTOPH – STUBEN
More topics
Legend of the Alps
Instagram
Facebook
Contact
Jobs
Press
FIS Rules
Privacy policy
Data processing
Terms & Conditions
Legal notice
Accessibility
