URL: https://www.skiarlberg.at/en/lech-zuers/tickets-season-times/prices-tickets-summer
TITLE: Prices and Tickets | Lech Zürs
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:19.349Z

Skiing with smart cookies
Diese Website verwendet Cookies, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie das beste Ergebnis auf der Website erzielen.

Mehr über cookies >>

Datenschutzerklärung von Google

Details anzeigen
NUR NOTWENDIGE
EINVERSTANDEN!
Unbedingt erforderlich
Funktional
Statistik
Marketing
powered by:
Cookie Information
Back to main content
Back to main content
Jump to navigation
Table Of Content
Prices & tickets in summer
Summer cable car tickets for Lech Zürs
Burgwald Bike Trail
Arlberg Trail
Lech Card
Contact
Other interesting topics
Menu
Regions
Live info
Tickets
Login
Start 
Lech Zürs 
Tickets & season times 
Prices & tickets
Prices & tickets in summer

In summer, Lech Zürs offers single ascents and descents, and individual summer cable car journeys. Find all prices and details here.

Summer
Winter
SUMMER 2026
Summer cable car tickets for Lech Zürs
Prices valid for summer 2026
Rüfikopf cable car
Zugerbergbahn
Combined ticket for Rüfikopf cable car and Zugerbergbahn cable car
Bergbahn Oberlech cable car
Petersbodenbahn
Combined ticket for Bergbahn Oberlech cable car and Petersbodenbahn
Seekopfbahn cable car in Zürs
FOR MOUNTAIN BIKERS
Burgwald Bike Trail
The Burgwald Trail in Lech am Arlberg marks Vorarlberg’s first official freeride and enduro route, delivering an extra adrenaline rush for mountain bikers at the Bergbahn Oberlech cable car and Petersbodenbahn.
Tickets for the bike trail
Ascent on the Bergbahn Oberlech cable car and/or Petersbodenbahn – bike transport included
43 KILOMETRES, 6000 VERTICAL METRES
Arlberg Trail
A standout gem amid a breathtaking alpine landscape, the Arlberg Trail is a challenging long-distance hiking route linking the five Arlberg villages of Lech, Zürs, Stuben, St. Christoph and St. Anton across three stages. Spanning 52 kilometres and over 6,000 vertical metres, this trail demands effort — and rewards with inspiration. Thanks to the cable cars, the journey can be tailored for comfort.
Arlberg Trail Ticket
Rüfikopfbahn, Galzigbahn, Vallugabahn I, Seekopfbahn
Lech Card
One card – countless possibilities. With the Lech Card, you can experience summer in Lech am Arlberg in all its facets. Free travel on all open summer mountain railways, access to varied hiking trails, and numerous other inclusive services make the Lech Card the ideal companion for a summer in the mountains.
Lech Card
One card gives you access to all experiences, services and offers during mountin summer in Lech. 
Lech Card: Free use of cable cars in Lech and Zürs.
Group rate: Applicable for groups of 15 or more, or upon presentation of an ÖSV card at purchase.
School classes receive the group rate during the school term.
Child tariff: For ages 5 to 15 (inclusive)
ÖBB-Klimaticket: 10% discount for the Rüfikopfbahn and Zugerbergbahn cable cars
Disability discount: Guests with a disability of 70% or higher qualify for the child group rate

 

Prices in €, inclusive of VAT Subject to change. Valid until a new price list is published. By purchasing a ticket, you agree to the price and transportation regulations. Each cable car company is independently responsible for its operations and legally autonomous. The transport contract is formed with the cable car company that operates the specific cable car used by the guest.

Download Price List
Live info
Check out the latest summer information
Summer Highlights in the Mountains
Discover Summer in Lech Zürs
Culinary experiences
Experience great food in Lech Zürs
Summer Lift Tickets
Find Ticket Offices & Machines
SUMMER CABLE CARS
Contact

If you have any questions about the summer cable cars, please contact the Lech Zürs information desk.

Contact information desk
+43 5583 2161
info@lechzuers.com
LECH ZÜRS
Other interesting topics
Season times
Cash desks & ticket machines
Culinary Experiences
Legend of the Alps
Instagram
Facebook
Contact
Jobs
Press
FIS rules
Privacy policy
Data processing
Terms & Conditions
Legal notice
Accessibility
