URL: https://www.skimag.com/featured
TITLE: SKI Magazine Home Page
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:33.222Z

SPECIAL INTRO OFFER

GET 30% OFF OUTSIDE+

JOIN NOW

SKI

Powered by Outside

Home
Featured
Deals
Gear
2027 Gear Guide
Travel
Intro to Skiing
News
Skills
Culture
This Colorado Resort Is Opening for Skiing This Weekend—In October

Snowmass preserved last season’s snow under insulated blankets and is turning it into a rail park for this weekend.

Samantha Berman
How Good of a Skier Do You Need to Be to Go Heli-Skiing? I Found Out the Hard Way.
Alison Fox
The Best Powder Ski of 2027 Isn't the Fattest One We Tested
Lily Ritter
I Got a Glimpse of the Future of Skiing. I Haven’t Felt This Hopeful in a Long Time.
Sierra Shafer
Epic Pass Helped Vail Resorts Weather a Terrible Snow Year. Now Pass Sales Are Down.
Jamie Aranoff
Search and Rescue: SKI’s Guide to Staying Safe in the Mountains
SKI’s Complete Season Pass Buyer’s Guide
SKIING ESSENTIALS
Want More SKI? Here’s How to Add Us as a Preferred Source on Google.
Our New Searchable Hub Is the Ultimate Shortcut to Every Major Ski Gear Sale Online
LATEST
ODE
From Tacomas to Sprinters, What Your Ski-Town Ride Says About You

In a place where trucks, Subarus, and Sprinter vans rule the road, choosing your ride is a personal statement.

Kimberly Beekman
Published 23 hours ago
NEWS
Epic and Ikon Are About To Raise Prices Again: Here's When

Why pay more? Here's when the megapasses are going to raise prices once more before going off sale in December.

Jamie Aranoff
Published 23 hours ago
NEWS
Snow Before October? These Ski Resorts Could Get the Season’s First Big Flakes.

Snow is in the forecast from the Southwest to the Canadian Rockies, with several resorts poised for their first true taste of winter.

Samantha Berman
Updated Sep 29, 2026
RESORT SKIING
The Ski Resorts We Think Are Most Likely to Open First This Season

Every year a few resorts race to claim the coveted "first to open" title. Here's who we think will win in 2026.

Jamie Aranoff
Updated Sep 29, 2026
WOMENS SKIS
The Ski Our Testers Would Trust Blindfolded Is Now 60% Off

The Nordica Santa Ana 102's only update is cosmetic—so the charger our testers loved is the exact same as last season’s discounted model.

Jenny Wiegand
Published Sep 28, 2026
ALL-MOUNTAIN WIDE SKIS
"Soft and Forgiving" Usually Means Flimsy in Women's Skis. These Skis Disagree.

We tested 15 women's all-mountain wide skis in Deer Valley crud, chop, and groomers—these held their edge.

Kimberly Beekman
Published Sep 28, 2026
ALL-MOUNTAIN WIDE SKIS
The Best Wide All-Mountain Ski of 2027 Didn't Dominate a Single Category

This year's "Best in Test" ski didn't win outright in any one performance category—but it scored high enough everywhere to beat skis that did.

Matt Coté
Published Sep 28, 2026
SEE ALL
SKIS
These Carving Skis Have Me Questioning My Identity as a Powder Skier

If carving the groomed side of the mountain is this fun, maybe I’m not a jam band-loving powder skier after all?

EDITORS’ PICKS
The Best All-Mountain Skis of 2023
The Best Women’s All-Mountain Skis of 2023
The 6 Best Women’s Carving Skis of 2022
RESORT LIFE
New Indy Pass Resorts Include a B.C. Sleeper and a Montana Gem

The collective of independent ski area will now number 170, offering two days at each and 25 percent off a third day.

EDITORS’ PICKS
The Best Ski Resorts in Colorado (2025)
9 Ski Country Escapes to Reset, Recharge, and Indulge in 2025
The Best Ski Resorts in Vermont (2025)
GEAR
No Fuss, No Fog: 14 Ski Goggles That Our Testers Say Just Work

Testers tried 29 goggles in various light conditions to find those that enhance any ski day. These are their picks.

EDITORS’ PICKS
The Ski and Snowboard Helmets We Trust Most
The Warmest, Coziest, and Most Rugged Ski Gloves and Mittens We've Ever Tested
5 Women’s Backcountry Ski Boots That Actually Fit, Perform, and Don’t Patronize You
BACKCOUNTRY
How a Freeride World Champion Packs for the Backcountry

Being well-equipped with the right layers and gear for a backcountry tour is critical for safety and comfort—do it right with these field-tested essentials

EDITORS’ PICKS
Our 7 Favorite Ski Packs for Effortless Gear Carry and Organization
You’re Never Too Experienced to Hire a Ski Guide
Nobody Backcountry Skis in the Uintas. Here’s Why You Should.
OUTSIDE
APPS
GAIA GPS

Get off the beaten path, and stay found.

DOWNLOAD
TRAILFORKS

Discover the best trails in the world.

DOWNLOAD
OUTSIDE TV

Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series.

DOWNLOAD
OUTSIDE

Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app.

DOWNLOAD
5 Best Alps Ski Resorts for Families of All Ages

Skiing in Europe can be easier, more authentic, and cheaper than staying stateside. Here are our top pics.

Samantha Berman
Updated May 19, 2026

Much ado has been made recently about European ski trips costing less than vacationing at Western resorts (especially if you’re traveling from the East Coast). Providing you can find reasonable airfares, just about everything else once you get there—including lift tickets, lodging, meals, and lessons—is less expensive on the other side of the pond. Still, when it comes to the best ski resorts for families, there’s a common assumption that vacationing in the Alps might be challenging or unsuitable for kids. Not so.

English is commonly spoken in the majority of resorts, and European ski culture warmly embraces children, with little ones being welcome everywhere, including the leisurely midday meals at on-slope chalets. Additionally, ski school fees in the Alps are notably lower than those in North America, making private lessons much more budget-friendly.

An Alps ski trip isn’t just about hitting the slopes—it’s a chance to dive into ski history, experience new cultures, and spark a passion for global travel in your family. Handpicked by SKI editors, these five resorts have everything families need for an unforgettable skiing adventure, regardless of age or skill level.

(Photo: Courtesy of Flims-Laax-Falera/Philipp Ruggli) Top European Ski Resorts for Family Travel La Rosière, France Getting There: Fly into Geneva International Airport and book a shuttle to La Rosière.

This medium-sized French Alps resort is a great choice for families with kids of all ages, but is especially well-suited to groms just getting a little more independent on skis. The place is rife with gentle, rolling beginner runs and cruisy groomers with incredible views in every direction. The resort doesn’t feel too big, but it’s also large enough to keep you busy and exploring for the better part of a week.

Ski across the border from La Rosière in France and have lunch in Italy. (Photo: Courtesy of Espace San Bernardo)

The resort doesn’t get too crowded since the major ski area in the region is massive Les Arcs, just across the Tarentaise valley. Another boon for La Rosière is that the skiing starts at above 6,000 feet, which is a factor when choosing an Alps trip. You don’t want to have to worry about coverage during a low-snow year.

CONTINUE READING
OUTSIDE+

Join Outside+ to get access to exclusive content, thousands of training plans, and more.

LEARN MORE
 
 
