URL: https://www.thredbo.com.au/
TITLE: Thredbo | Australia’s Best Winter & Summer Alpine Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:33.602Z

Winter 2027 Season Passes On Sale | Lock In The Best Possible Pass Price With Just A $49 Deposit | Buy Now﻿

 Shop
 
 Sign in
 
 
  
Plan & Buy Events & Activities Restaurants & Retail About Thredbo Social & News

 

 

New Trails. Unlimited Laps. 26/27 MTB Season Pass Sale On Sale Now!

Lock It In | $49 Deposit

 

 

 

 

Winter 2027 Season Pass Sale

LOCK IT IN WITH JUST A $49 DEPOSIT

 

 

 

Summer Adventure Pass Now On Sale!

Check It Out

 

 

Love Thredbo? Let’s Make It Official – Vote Now!

Vote Now

 

 

 

New Trails. Unlimited Laps. 26/27 MTB Season Pass Sale On Sale Now!

Lock It In | $49 Deposit

 

 

 

 

Winter 2027 Season Pass Sale

LOCK IT IN WITH JUST A $49 DEPOSIT

0°
19km/h
Weather
Cams
Lift & trail status
Winter 2027 Season Pass Sale
Scenic Passes
26/27 Gravity Pass
Find Accommodation
September Activities
What’s On
Upcoming Events
Summer of Events
21 Nov, 2026 - 25 Apr, 2027
Alpine Hiking Season
21 Nov, 2026 - 25 Apr, 2027
Mountain Bike Park Opening Weekend
21 - 22 Nov, 2026
Ultra-Trail Kosciuszko
26 - 28 Nov, 2026
ALL EVENTS 
Thredbo Resort Achieves Platinum EarthCheck Status
	
LATEST VIDEOS 
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
THREDBO SOCIAL 
Summer Activities
EXPLORE
From the Blog
Posted on 1 Oct, 2026
It’s Time To Lock It In! Winter 2027 Season Passes On Sale NOW

Winter 2027 is already shaping up to be a big one in Thredbo. We’re celebrating 70 years, and Season Passes...

Check it out
Posted on 17 Sep, 2026
Your Current Adventure Itinerary In Thredbo

Between the ski season ending and the mountain bike season beginning, Thredbo still hums with activities perfect for all adventure...

Check it out
Winter Activities
EXPLORE
Home to Australia’s Best Alpine Adventures

For outdoor adventurers, snow lovers, families and groups, our award-winning ski resort is one of Australia’s top mountain destinations. From hike and bike trails through Kosciuszko National Park to Australia’s longest ski runs, Thredbo is yours to explore year-round.

Your Trip Starts Here

Planning a weekend getaway or a week in the mountains? Book accommodation, buy lift and ski passes and explore deals in one place.

Where Is Thredbo?

Thredbo Resort is located in Kosciuszko National Park in the NSW Snowy Mountains, around 5.5 hours’ drive from Sydney or Melbourne and 2.5 hours from Canberra.

When To Visit

Each season brings a new side of Thredbo. With lifts open 365 days a year, you’re connected to summit views, winter snow, summer trails and alpine adventure.

Lessons and Coaching

Learn to ski or snowboard in winter, or hit the trails at our summer mountain bike school. From beginner lessons to advanced coaching, there’s something for all.

Gear Rentals

Skip the hassle. Book your ski and snowboard gear rentals from leading snow brands before you arrive and have it ready to collect on the mountain.

Unlock More Adventures

Make the most of your trip with our Thredbo Adventure Pass and enjoy Australia’s highest alpine coaster, scenic lift ride and leisure centre access.

Frequently Asked Questions
What is Thredbo known for?
When is the best time of year to visit Thredbo?
What activities can you do at Thredbo?
Can you visit Thredbo if you don’t ski or snowboard?
Is Thredbo suitable for beginners and families?
Where can I check Thredbo snow, weather, and lift conditions?
Can I stay in Thredbo Village?
Should I book lift passes, lessons and equipment before arriving?
How can I get to Thredbo?
Can I visit Mt Kosciuszko from Thredbo?
Do I need a National Parks Pass to visit Thredbo?
Follow us on social
   
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
Winter 2026 going out with a splash! The sun was out, the dress ups were on, and the Thredbo Pond Skim brought one last dose of spring chaos. Shout out to everyone who joined in the fun! Shot on @insta360.anz
When it comes to the final Après Club party of the season, we knew we were in safe hands with @smirnoff the village came alive for one last boogie to round out Winter 2026 thanks to @benson.aus Until next year... 
A pretty special delivery from our dear friends at @burton  to celebrate 50 years of Burton, direct from the Burton Snowboards Factory in Vermont, an original Backhill Snowboard straight from the archives. It only felt right to open this one in Australia’s first Burton Flagship Store in Thredbo! We are so honoured to receive this gift, and to have Burton as a resort partner  huge congrats to the Burton team for reaching this incredible milestone!
Winter 2026 through the eyes of an @insta360.anz  From first turns to final laps, 150+ events, unforgettable moments and plenty of après - we had some serious fun with all of you this season! While we say goodbye to Winter 26, there’s just one thing left… vote for Thredbo in the World Ski Awards  hit the link in bio & thank you so much for your support  Next stop... Mountain Bike Season kicking off November 21!
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
View social feed
Download our new mobile app

Whether you ski, snowboard, hike, mountain bike or are visiting for the first time, our app is your companion to Australia’s Premier Adventure Destination.

Sign up for news

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive deals, the latest weather, forecasts, news, events and more!

Sign up

Thredbo sits on the traditional land of the Monero – Ngarigo people who have looked after this land, water and community for over 60,000 years. We thank them for all they have done and continue to do to look after their country, a special place which we all love and respect.

Cams & Weather
 Weather Report
 Cams
 Lifts & Trails
Book a Trip
 Buy Passes & Rentals
 Book Accommodation
Quick Links
 Getting Here
 Thredbo Jobs
 Mountain Safety
 Media Centre
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
Contact Us

1300 020 589 (Australia)
or send an email

© 2026 Thredbo
Start Chat
