URL: https://www.thredbo.com.au/passes-rentals/winter-passes/
TITLE: Winter Passes & Lift Tickets | Thredbo, NSW
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:45:42.747Z

Winter 2027 Season Passes On Sale | Lock In The Best Possible Pass Price With Just A $49 Deposit | Buy Now﻿

 Shop
 
 Sign in
 
 
  
Plan & Buy Events & Activities Restaurants & Retail About Thredbo Social & News
0°
19km/h
Cams, Lifts and Weather
 Back to Winter Guide
Winter Passes
Day Lift Passes Season Passes International Resort Passes

Planning a trip to the snow this winter? You’re in the right place. This is where you can browse and buy your lift pass to ski or snowboard at Thredbo – Australia’s Best Ski Resort.

To keep the on-mountain experience running smoothly, daily lift pass numbers are limited. Lock in your dates early to secure your spot and make the most of your time on the snow.

Winter 2026 lift, lessons & rentals are on sale now! Enjoy savings of up to 50% when you book 30+ days out.

Buy Online Early & Save

Day Lift Passes
Winter Lift Passes

A winter lift pass provides mountain lift access for skiing and snowboarding at Thredbo, including the Merritts Gondola.

Book lift passes online and enjoy savings this Winter!

Discounts vary based on product start date, when you buy 7 or more days in advance
Limited availability

Book Online Early & Save

MyThredbo Card is required. During checkout you can reload to your existing card or add one to your cart ($5).

Winter Adventure Pass

For visitors not looking to ski or snowboard, score the best value when you bundle:

The Alpine Coaster
Scenic access on the Merritts Gondola and
Thredbo Leisure Centre‘s pool, gym & facilities.

When booking, please select your preferred time for riding the Merritts Gondola. Thredbo Leisure Centre is open 7am – 6pm in winter.

Complimentary access on the Kosciuszko Chairlift included from 6 June to 19 June 2026

Book Online Early & Save

MyThredbo Card is required. During checkout you can reload to your existing card or add one to your cart ($5).

Alpine Coaster Pass

Coming to Thredbo just to ride the Southern Hemisphere’s first-ever Alpine Coaster?

Book Online & Save Over 30%

Book Now

MyThredbo Card is required. During checkout you can reload to your existing card or add one to your cart ($5).

Merritts Gondola Pass

Take a scenic ride on the state-of-the-art Merritts Gondola, Australia’s only alpine Gondola!

Ride the Gondola to the top and take in the incredible mountain and valley views from the base of the Cruiser Area plus stop in at Merritts Mountain House for lunch or après.

When booking, please select your preferred time for riding the Merritts Gondola.

Complimentary access on the Kosciuszko Chairlift included from 6 June to 19 June 2026

Book Now

MyThredbo Card is required. During checkout you can reload to your existing card or add one to your cart ($5).

Disabled Wintersports Australia Passes

Disabled Winter Sport Autralia (DWA) members and their carers are able to access 50% off the in resort rate of 1 to 7 day lift passes, subject to availability. Check for eligibility and complete request form

Together with DWA, we’ve also prepared an Adaptive Snowsports Guide to Thredbo.

Find Out More

 

MyThredbo Card

Your MyThredbo card is your personal key to Thredbo. Offering ease and convenience, your MyThredbo card is linked to your Thredbo profile so whenever you buy a lift pass or lesson it will be loaded onto this card. Better yet, load MyMoney to your MyThredbo Card and enjoy contactless payment at all Thredbo outlets!

You can now get onto the lifts quicker with 24-7 MyThredbo Card Kiosks, conveniently located at Valley Terminal & Friday Flat.

To collect and activate your MyThredbo card from a kiosk, you must upload a profile picture. The photo should be a clear image of your face, similar to a passport photo.

Please note that photos need to be updated every two years.

Find Out More

Season Passes
Winter Season Pass

Enjoy unlimited skiing and snowboarding this winter. If you’re after ultimate flexibility and a great range of in-resort benefits, choose the Thredbo Season Pass with no blackout dates.

 

International Resort Passes
26/27 Ikon Pass

Thredbo is a proud partner of the Ikon Pass. The Ikon Pass provides access to 50+ iconic winter destinations across Australia, New Zealand, the Americas, Europe and Japan.

Already an Ikon Pass holder? Redeem your pass benefits at Thredbo this winter.

Find Out More

Any Questions?

Guest Services is available if you need advice on which pass to buy, pricing or trip planning.

Online Chat: 8am – 5pm daily
Phone: 1300 020 589
Email: guestservices_thredbo@evt.com
In resort: Thredbo Guest Services (Valley Terminal)

Winter Guide

Find everything you need to plan a winter trip to Thredbo. The guide covers: • Winter lift passes • Equipment rental • Thredbo accommodation •…

View details
Follow us on social
   
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
Winter 2026 going out with a splash! The sun was out, the dress ups were on, and the Thredbo Pond Skim brought one last dose of spring chaos. Shout out to everyone who joined in the fun! Shot on @insta360.anz
When it comes to the final Après Club party of the season, we knew we were in safe hands with @smirnoff the village came alive for one last boogie to round out Winter 2026 thanks to @benson.aus Until next year... 
A pretty special delivery from our dear friends at @burton  to celebrate 50 years of Burton, direct from the Burton Snowboards Factory in Vermont, an original Backhill Snowboard straight from the archives. It only felt right to open this one in Australia’s first Burton Flagship Store in Thredbo! We are so honoured to receive this gift, and to have Burton as a resort partner  huge congrats to the Burton team for reaching this incredible milestone!
Winter 2026 through the eyes of an @insta360.anz  From first turns to final laps, 150+ events, unforgettable moments and plenty of après - we had some serious fun with all of you this season! While we say goodbye to Winter 26, there’s just one thing left… vote for Thredbo in the World Ski Awards  hit the link in bio & thank you so much for your support  Next stop... Mountain Bike Season kicking off November 21!
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
View social feed
Download our new mobile app

Whether you ski, snowboard, hike, mountain bike or are visiting for the first time, our app is your companion to Australia’s Premier Adventure Destination.

Sign up for news

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive deals, the latest weather, forecasts, news, events and more!

Sign up

Thredbo sits on the traditional land of the Monero – Ngarigo people who have looked after this land, water and community for over 60,000 years. We thank them for all they have done and continue to do to look after their country, a special place which we all love and respect.

Cams & Weather
 Weather Report
 Cams
 Lifts & Trails
Book a Trip
 Buy Passes & Rentals
 Book Accommodation
Quick Links
 Getting Here
 Thredbo Jobs
 Mountain Safety
 Media Centre
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
Contact Us

1300 020 589 (Australia)
or send an email

© 2026 Thredbo
Start Chat
