URL: https://www.thredbo.com.au/about-thredbo/getting-here/road-conditions-and-snow-chains/
TITLE: Road Conditions and Snow Chains
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:46:01.392Z

Winter 2027 Season Passes On Sale | Lock In The Best Possible Pass Price With Just A $49 Deposit | Buy Now﻿

 Shop
 
 Sign in
 
 
  
Plan & Buy Events & Activities Restaurants & Retail About Thredbo Social & News
0°
19km/h
Cams, Lifts and Weather
 Back to Getting Here
Road Conditions and Snow Chains

The Snowy Mountains region is one of the most beautiful and picturesque drives in Australia, but it can also be hazardous. Here are some of our tips to make sure you’re prepared to arrive safely and on time.

Thredbo Awaits! Is Your Car Ready?

Do You Need Snow Chains?

Stay Safe & Share The Road

Before you hit the road check Live Traffic NSW for real-time road updates and tune into local radio stations for updates as you drive.

Latest Road Updates

Thredbo Awaits! Is Your Car Ready?
When Was Your Last Service? Do You Need Another One?

As the Alpine Way can feature a variety of conditions, it’s worth checking or asking your mechanic to check the tyres, battery, brakes, cooling system, engine, windscreen wipers and washers, electrical system (particularly the alternator), heater/demister and making sure they are in working order.

Does your Vehicle Need Anti-Freeze?

Although most modern cars use coolant with wide temperature capabilities, older cars may need anti-freeze in your radiator or a special coolant for low temperatures. If you are unsure, ask your mechanic and they will point you in the right direction.

If you do need anti-freeze, remember to match the amount to the capacity of the cooling system. Adding the wrong amount can cause significant damage and issues to your engine.

Do You Have the Right Fuel?

Diesel vehicles require a special type of fuel. Alpine mix diesel can be purchased from service stations in Cooma or Jindabyne. You can also do it at home by adding an alpine diesel additive which will stop your fuel from freezing. Dual fuel vehicles (LPG/petrol) should switch to petrol before entering alpine areas.

Do You Need Snow Chains?

Snow chains are a helpful device used in snowy conditions to gain extra traction on the road. All 2-wheel drive (2WD) vehicles entering Kosciuszko National Park between the June and October long weekends must carry snow chains.

Although 4-Wheel Drive (4WD) and All Wheel Drive (AWD) vehicles don’t require chains, we still recommend carrying them. They may be required in the event of extreme weather conditions. Vehicles fitted with ‘winter tyres’ are not required to fit chains.

Where Can You Get Snow Chains?

You can hire or buy snow chains at a range of different stores on your way to Thredbo, such as ski & snowboard hire stores and service stations. You will find these stores in Cooma, Berridale and Jindabyne. They are also stocked at the BP in Thredbo if you forget them along the way, but we would highly recommend having them before you reach the National Park.

When hiring or purchasing snow chains, make sure the shop attendant shows you how to fit them correctly and which chains are best suited to your vehicle. Please ensure you are comfortable with fitting chains to your vehicle as it can be difficult fitting them for the first time in the middle of a blizzard.

A waterproof blanket or groundsheet is also useful to protect you from the road and ice/snow when you fit the chains – you will need to lie down or get on your knees to fit them.

Tips for Using Your Chains

There are plenty of chain bays on the Alpine Way when travelling to and from Thredbo. These are the best areas to fit chains. Pull into the bays when conditions become hazardous so you can safely put snow chains on your vehicle.

If you need to fit your snow chains on before or after the chain bay, please be safe in choosing a straight stretch of road where you are visible to other drivers and there is enough room to safely park and fit the chains.

Make sure the chains are not left loose. They can do a lot of damage to your car if not properly fastened.

Once fitted, it is recommended that cars with radial tyres don’t travel faster than 40 km/h. Stop and check the tension of the chains after driving about 200 metres. Remove the chains in a safe area once conditions allow.

Follow Signage Directions

Please take note of signs advising you to fit snow chains as well as wildlife warnings.

Snow poles line the road south of Thredbo. They are painted orange and are tall enough for drivers to get their bearings in white-out conditions. If you can’t see the edge of the road or the next snow pole – stop your car in a safe location off the road, put your hazard lights on and wait for a break in the weather.

Stay Safe & Share The Road
Prepare For All Conditions

Weather conditions in the mountains can change rapidly so it is important to be prepared for any situation and check the weather before starting your journey.

Look out for road works and follow the signs
Be aware of black ice and high winds and drive to the conditions.
Share The Road

A variety of different vehicles use the roads from cars and bikes to construction vehicles and logging trucks and there are more heavy vehicles on the road than ever before. Please wait for an opportunity when it is safe to pass.

The road conditions vary greatly in the region and drivers can experience animals on the road all day long, so please take care and watch out for wombats, kangaroos and deer.

More Information

Head over to the Transport for NSW website to learn more about Driving in the Snowy Mountains.

Follow us on social
   
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
Winter 2026 going out with a splash! The sun was out, the dress ups were on, and the Thredbo Pond Skim brought one last dose of spring chaos. Shout out to everyone who joined in the fun! Shot on @insta360.anz
When it comes to the final Après Club party of the season, we knew we were in safe hands with @smirnoff the village came alive for one last boogie to round out Winter 2026 thanks to @benson.aus Until next year... 
A pretty special delivery from our dear friends at @burton  to celebrate 50 years of Burton, direct from the Burton Snowboards Factory in Vermont, an original Backhill Snowboard straight from the archives. It only felt right to open this one in Australia’s first Burton Flagship Store in Thredbo! We are so honoured to receive this gift, and to have Burton as a resort partner  huge congrats to the Burton team for reaching this incredible milestone!
Winter 2026 through the eyes of an @insta360.anz  From first turns to final laps, 150+ events, unforgettable moments and plenty of après - we had some serious fun with all of you this season! While we say goodbye to Winter 26, there’s just one thing left… vote for Thredbo in the World Ski Awards  hit the link in bio & thank you so much for your support  Next stop... Mountain Bike Season kicking off November 21!
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
View social feed
Download our new mobile app

Whether you ski, snowboard, hike, mountain bike or are visiting for the first time, our app is your companion to Australia’s Premier Adventure Destination.

Sign up for news

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive deals, the latest weather, forecasts, news, events and more!

Sign up

Thredbo sits on the traditional land of the Monero – Ngarigo people who have looked after this land, water and community for over 60,000 years. We thank them for all they have done and continue to do to look after their country, a special place which we all love and respect.

Cams & Weather
 Weather Report
 Cams
 Lifts & Trails
Book a Trip
 Buy Passes & Rentals
 Book Accommodation
Quick Links
 Getting Here
 Thredbo Jobs
 Mountain Safety
 Media Centre
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
Contact Us

1300 020 589 (Australia)
or send an email

© 2026 Thredbo
Start Chat
