URL: https://www.thredbo.com.au/passes-rentals/winter-passes/disabled-wintersport-australia-request-form/
TITLE: Disabled Wintersport Australia Visit Request Form
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:46:12.099Z

Winter 2027 Season Passes On Sale | Lock In The Best Possible Pass Price With Just A $49 Deposit | Buy Now﻿

 Shop
 
 Sign in
 
 
  
Plan & Buy Events & Activities Restaurants & Retail About Thredbo Social & News
0°
19km/h
Cams, Lifts and Weather
 Back to Winter Passes
Disabled Wintersport Australia Visit Request Form

Looking to visit Thredbo this winter? You’ve come to the right place.

DWA members can enjoy 50% Off Winter Lift Passes & Thredbo Season Pass, with specialised lessons and guides tailored to your needs.

50% off Winter Lift Passes

Disabled Wintersport Australia (DWA) members can select up to 7 consecutive days
DWA carers who are stated on your membership card are also able to access 50% off winter lift passes

50% off Winter 2026 Thredbo Season Pass Final In Season Rate

Only Disabled Wintersport Australia (DWA) members

 

How To Book

Please complete the form below to request your preferred product and trip dates.
One form submission per trip. Guest Services will check the availability on your requested dates and reply to you via email.
All requests via this form are subject to availability
Please submit this for at least 5 days prior to your preferred arrival date
Cancellations must notify us at least 2 days prior to arrival
No shows or cancellations less than 2 days prior will be treated as a used day

Lift Pass Type

Proof of DWA membership

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Follow us on social
   
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
Winter 2026 going out with a splash! The sun was out, the dress ups were on, and the Thredbo Pond Skim brought one last dose of spring chaos. Shout out to everyone who joined in the fun! Shot on @insta360.anz
When it comes to the final Après Club party of the season, we knew we were in safe hands with @smirnoff the village came alive for one last boogie to round out Winter 2026 thanks to @benson.aus Until next year... 
A pretty special delivery from our dear friends at @burton  to celebrate 50 years of Burton, direct from the Burton Snowboards Factory in Vermont, an original Backhill Snowboard straight from the archives. It only felt right to open this one in Australia’s first Burton Flagship Store in Thredbo! We are so honoured to receive this gift, and to have Burton as a resort partner  huge congrats to the Burton team for reaching this incredible milestone!
Winter 2026 through the eyes of an @insta360.anz  From first turns to final laps, 150+ events, unforgettable moments and plenty of après - we had some serious fun with all of you this season! While we say goodbye to Winter 26, there’s just one thing left… vote for Thredbo in the World Ski Awards  hit the link in bio & thank you so much for your support  Next stop... Mountain Bike Season kicking off November 21!
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
View social feed
Download our new mobile app

Whether you ski, snowboard, hike, mountain bike or are visiting for the first time, our app is your companion to Australia’s Premier Adventure Destination.

Sign up for news

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive deals, the latest weather, forecasts, news, events and more!

Sign up

Thredbo sits on the traditional land of the Monero – Ngarigo people who have looked after this land, water and community for over 60,000 years. We thank them for all they have done and continue to do to look after their country, a special place which we all love and respect.

Cams & Weather
 Weather Report
 Cams
 Lifts & Trails
Book a Trip
 Buy Passes & Rentals
 Book Accommodation
Quick Links
 Getting Here
 Thredbo Jobs
 Mountain Safety
 Media Centre
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
Contact Us

1300 020 589 (Australia)
or send an email

© 2026 Thredbo
Start Chat
