URL: https://www.thredbo.com.au/terms-conditions/rental/
TITLE: Rental
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:46:17.220Z

Winter 2027 Season Passes On Sale | Lock In The Best Possible Pass Price With Just A $49 Deposit | Buy Now﻿

 Shop
 
 Sign in
 
 
  
Plan & Buy Events & Activities Restaurants & Retail About Thredbo Social & News
0°
19km/h
Cams, Lifts and Weather
 Back to Terms & Conditions
Conditions for Winter Equipment Rental

Last Updated 20 April 2026

Risk Warning

RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES (INCLUDING SKIING, SNOWBOARDING, USING LIFTS, ALPINE COASTER, MOUNTAIN BIKING AND TO A LESSER DEGREE HIKING) INVOLVE A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF PHYSICAL HARM OR PERSONAL INJURY INCLUDING PERMANENT DISABILITY AND/OR DEATH TO PARTICIPANTS. ANY SUCH INJURY MAY RESULT NOT ONLY FROM YOUR ACTIONS BUT FROM THE ACTION, OMISSION OR NEGLIGENCE OF OTHERS.

Terms and Conditions of Rental

Issued by Kosciuszko Thredbo Pty Ltd (referred to throughout as ‘us’, ‘we’, ‘our’) as operator of the Thredbo Alpine Resort (‘Resort’ or ‘Thredbo’).

By using your lift pass or accessing the Resort you acknowledge that you have read and understood, and agree to be bound by, these Terms and Conditions of Use. Any adults who are parents or guardians of children who are unable to accept these Terms and Conditions of Use in their own capacity, do so on their behalf and must ensure they comply with them. Separate and additional terms and conditions may apply to the use of some of our facilities, equipment and services.

These Terms and Conditions of Use refer to various rights that may be exercised in our discretion, and the discretion of our staff. Mountain based recreational activities can be dangerous, and as a result we need the right to do so. We will, however, endeavour to ensure those rights are exercised in accordance with all applicable laws, and having regard to the need to protect staff, customers, property and equipment.

General provisions:

You must observe the Alpine Responsibility Code V1.5.26 – as of 1st May 2026 (as set out below, and as may be updated in our discretion by notices displayed throughout the Resort) and conduct yourself in a safe, responsible and controlled manner at all times.
The use of any snow or mountain sport equipment or devices, whether recreational or otherwise, other than skis or snowboards during our snow season (and mountain bikes when permitted, or other equipment we approve in our discretion) is not permitted within the Resort boundary. Tobogganing and general snow‑play is also not permitted within the Resort boundary.
You must read and comply with all signs and follow all directions given by us and our staff, and by any public health official or law enforcement officer.
You acknowledge that the risks associated with mountain based recreational activities are not always prominent, conspicuous or physically observable and you accept those risks nonetheless.

Limitations and exclusions of liability:

This section contains limitations and exclusions on our liability. Those limitations and exclusions are not intended to apply in any circumstances where the law does not permit us to do so, whether under the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), the Civil Liability Act 2002 (NSW) or otherwise.
You engage in any recreational activity at your own risk.
Where we provide “recreational services” as defined in the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) (which include sporting activities or similar leisure time pursuits), to the maximum extent permitted by that legislation we exclude all liability to you for personal injury (as defined below) arising out of any failure by us (or our employees or agents) to comply with any consumer guarantees applying under that legislation (including those set out in the Australian Consumer Law).
For these purposes, “personal injury” means:
a) death;
b) any physical or mental injury of an individual (including the aggravation, acceleration or recurrence of such an injury);
c) the contraction, aggravation or acceleration of a disease of an individual; and
d) the coming into existence, the aggravation, acceleration or recurrence of any other condition, circumstance, occurrence, activity, form of behaviour, course of conduct or state of affairs in relation to an individual:
i.  that is or may be harmful or disadvantageous to an individual or community; or
ii. that may result in harm or disadvantage to an individual or community.
Where liability cannot be excluded, we limit our liability to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Without limiting the above, all warranties, representations or conditions relating to the services we provide (whether express or implied and whether arising out of contract, at common law or under statute) not set out in these Terms and Conditions of Use are excluded.
We are not liable to you (on any basis) for any indirect or consequential loss or damage to you.
However, nothing limits our liability for representations or other communications (either oral or written) made by us, where by law such liability cannot be excluded.
The term “including” in these Terms and Conditions of Use is not a term of limitation.

YOUR RENTAL EQUIPMENT

Validity and Use
a) Your rental equipment is valid only for the period specified or selected at the time of purchase.
b) It must be used solely by the named person and only on the dates for which it was validly purchased.
c) The age category assigned to the lift pass (e.g. child, youth, adult, senior) must accurately reflect the pass holder’s age as at the first date of product usage.
d) The equipment remains our property at all times and:
i. must not be resold, transferred or altered in any way;
ii. is valid only for the assigned pass holder and cannot be transferred to another person.

Any breach of these conditions will result in the cancellation of the equipment rental and may invoke police action. Where we have reason to believe that rental equipment has been transferred to another person, or eligibility for an age category has been misrepresented, no refund will be provided or credit payable for the purchase price of the cancelled equipment, even if a portion of the duration remains unused.

Equipment Rental Conditions
You acknowledge that:
a) you have inspected the equipment carefully before renting and that the equipment rented

has been supplied and adjusted as required by you; and
is in good repair and free of defects;

b) if you have rented:

a ski-binding-boot system on skis – it may not release at all times or under all conditions where release may prevent injury or death, nor is it possible to predict every situation in which it will release, and it is, therefore, no guarantee of safety;
snowboard equipment – the snowboard-boot-binding system on snowboard equipment is a NON-RELEASE system and its use cannot guarantee your safety and may not reduce the risk of injury to yourself or your property or death;
a storage locker – loss or theft of your property may occur due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control;
ski, snowboard or après boots – walking on snow or ice is slippery and care must be exercised at all times; and
a helmet – no helmet can protect the user from all foreseeable impacts and its use cannot guarantee your safety.

c) all equipment rented and used is at your own risk;

Responsibilities and Charges
You agree:
a) to compensate us for our loss (up to the full reinstatement value of the equipment) if;

the equipment is not returned whether due to loss, theft or any other reason beyond the Hirer’s reasonable control; or
if the equipment is damaged (other than reasonable wear and tear) during the period of rental (whether such damage occurred while it was in the Hirer’s possession or not); or
where the equipment rented suffers damage from improper use.

b) to pay us up to the following amounts for any damage to these items that require replacement or major repair and for lost or stolen items:

ITEM	DESCRIPTION	CHARGE
Ski Poles	replacement due to bend, breakage or loss	$25
Helmet	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$50
Après Boots	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$70
Ski Or Snowboard	major base repair	$80
Backcountry Poles	replacement due to bend, breakage, or loss	$80
Child Ski Or Snowboard Boot	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$100
Backcountry Skins	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$150
Backcountry Snowshoes	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$150
Clothing: Jacket Or Pant	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$150
Backcountry Touring Bindings	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$200
Adult Ski Or Snowboard Boot	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$200
Sport Ski Or Snowboard	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$300
Premium Ski Or Snowboard	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$600
Backcountry Ski/Board	unrepairable damage, breakage, or loss	$800

c) to pay on a daily rental rate for all goods and equipment which you do not return on or before the last day of the renting period. Applicable charges below per late day;

ITEM	2 TO 5 DAY RENTAL	6+ DAY RENTAL
Sport Ski Or Snowboard	$85	$25
Premium Ski Or Snowboard	$89	$35
Backcountry Ski/Board	$179	$179
Ski Or Snowboard Boot	$35	$15
Ski Poles	$15	$5
Snowshoes	$35	$15
Helmet	$29	$10
Clothing	$49	$15

d) that your equipment rental may be cancelled by us at any time:

if you fail to adhere to these Terms and Conditions of Use and the Alpine Responsibility Code;
we otherwise consider appropriate in our discretion to protect our staff, customers, property and equipment, including in response to unacceptable behaviour by you that includes physical or verbal abuse towards our staff and other customers;
if you have engaged or attempted to engage in any unlawful conduct; or
if you have been involved in an incident where there is the potential for concussion. You are required to provide a doctor’s certificate or suitable medical clearance to activate your pass; and

e) that subject to us providing notice of our intention to do so, the credit card used in this transaction will be charged for any amount owing to us under subclauses (b), (c) or (d) above.

Verification Requirements

You must carry your lift pass at all times and present it upon request by our staff at lift access points.
If asked, you must also provide photo ID to confirm you are the valid pass holder.

Instruction Restrictions

Your equipment rental does not entitle you to provide or receive snowsports instruction.
Instruction must be arranged separately through authorised staff or agents.
Any unauthorised instruction is strictly prohibited unless prior written consent is granted.

Behaviour and Conduct

Thredbo maintains a zero-tolerance policy for unsafe, unacceptable or unlawful behaviour. Your lift pass may be cancelled at any time if:

you fail to comply with these terms and conditions or the Alpine Responsibility Code;
we otherwise consider appropriate in our discretion to protect our staff, customers, property and equipment, including in response to unacceptable behaviour by you that includes physical or verbal abuse, threats, harassment or any form of aggression toward staff or other guests;
you have engaged or attempted to engage in any unlawful conduct;

Helmet Usage at Thredbo

Wearing a helmet is a critical safety measure that helps reduce the risk of head injury during snowsports activities. Helmets provide protection in the event of falls or collisions and are strongly recommended for all guests to support a safe and enjoyable experience on the mountain.

Helmet Requirement
i. Helmets are required for any Thredbo Snowsports lesson participant.
ii. Helmets are required for all guests using Thredbo terrain parks, regardless of lesson participation.
Helmet Type
i. Helmets must be a snowsports specific helmet that is designed and manufactured for alpine use and certified to a snowsports safe standard.
ii. Helmets designed for cycling, climbing or non snowsports activities are not permitted.

Concussion

Thredbo takes concussion seriously to protect the welfare of both our lift pass holders and our staff. If you are involved in an incident where there is potential for concussion. In such cases, a doctor’s certificate or suitable medical clearance is required to reactivate your Lift Pass.

Flaik GPS Tags – Thredboland

We are pleased to offer participants in our Thredboland program the use of GPS based alpine tracking devices known as Flaik Tags. Please refer to www.thredbo.com.au/ski-snowboard-lessons/thredboland-kids-ski-program/ to review our frequently asked questions relating to the optional use of Flaik Tags.

MyThredbo Cards:

A MyThredbo Card is required for all Thredbo lift, lesson and rental products.
If your MyThredbo Card:
a) is damaged and no longer grants you access to Thredbo Facilities, a replacement MyThredbo Card will be issued to you upon request subject to payment by you of $5.00; or
b) has been lost or stolen, you must immediately report this to Thredbo Guest Services on 1300 020 589 or by visiting a Thredbo Guest Services Office. You acknowledge and accept that any lift pass issued to you may be cancelled or suspended by us if an unauthorised person is found to be using it prior to you reporting it lost or stolen.

Photo Requirement:

A photo is required to be uploaded to your profile at the start of each season.
Where a photo is not updated, your purchased product/s will be suspended until your photo is updated.
a) To update your photo please go to shop.thredbo.com.au
i. Sign in and select My Account.
b) Updating your photo will remove the suspension on your pre-purchased product/s.

Product Amendments:

Product amendments may be made to the product type, duration and start date, provided the change is to a product of equal or greater value, and the request is made up to 4.00pm the day prior to the selected product start date:
a) Your product requiring amendment is credited to your Thredbo account via a MyMoney Credit to be used to repurchase the correct product at the best available rate via the Thredbo Online Shop.
b) Where amended to a different pricing season, duration or product type, may require additional payment due to the best available rate for the amended date being higher.
c) Where amended product is lower than the original purchase amount, no refund is provided for the difference in price. MyMoney Credits do not expire and can be used on future purchases.
d) Product amendment requests may be made via email or phone as follows:
i. By email: guestservices_thredbo@evt.com
ii. By phone: 1300 020 589. Customer Support office hours are generally 8.00am to 5.00pm during the winter season.
e) Change requests made inside 4.00pm the day prior to the selected product start date are not accepted.
i. Change of person is not accepted.

Refunds

Subject to any refund rights you have under the Australian Consumer Law, you will not be refunded in whole or in part if:

you do not comply with these Terms and Conditions and your lift pass is cancelled as a result;
any facilities are not operating for any reason, including weather, safety or any other operational closure, restriction or limitation or as directed by our staff in their discretion;
any portion of the Lift Pass remains unused.

SEVERE WEATHER POLICY:

Please refer terms and conditions in relation to Thredbo’s severe weather policy.

THREDBO CANCELLATION POLICY:

Please refer terms and conditions in relation to cancelling a Thredbo product or service.

ALPINE RESPONSIBILITY CODE:

WINTER SPORTS INVOLVE RISKS OF SERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH. YOUR KNOWLEDGE, DECISIONS AND ACTIONS CONTRIBUTE TO YOUR SAFETY AND THE SAFETY OF OTHERS.

Know Your Ability

Stay in control. You must be able to stop or avoid people or objects.
You must know how and be able to load, ride and unload lifts safely. If you need assistance, ask the lift attendant.
Do not ski, board, ride lifts or use terrain, if your ability is impaired by drugs or alcohol.

Know Your Role

Use protective equipment (especially helmets) to minimise the risk of injury. Prevent runaway equipment.
Read and obey all signs, warnings and hazard markings.
Keep off closed trails and out of closed areas.
If you are involved in a collision or incident, do not leave the scene. Share your contact information with each other and Resort Staff.

Know Your Zone

People ahead and downhill of you have right of way. You must avoid them.
Stop only where you are visible from above and do not restrict traffic.
Before starting downhill, or merging into a trail, look uphill and give way to others.

Know the code. It’s your responsibility.

If you are found to have acted in a Dangerous Manner or to be in a closed area, your Pass may be suspended or cancelled by us as outlined below:

Season Pass

First Instance: Season Pass is Suspended for a period of 7 consecutive days.
Second Instance: Season Pass is Suspended for a period of 30 consecutive days.
Third Instance: Cancellation of Season Pass. Pass Holder is Suspended from using Thredbo Lifts for the remainder of the winter season.

Date-based Lift Pass

First Instance: Cancellation of remaining validity of Date-Based Lift Pass. Pass Holder is Suspended from using and receiving the benefits of the Pass for a period of 7 consecutive days.
Second Instance: Cancellation of remaining validity of Date-based Lift Pass. Pass Holder is Suspended from using and receiving the benefits of the Pass for a period of 30 consecutive days.
Third Instance: Cancellation of remaining validity of the Date Based Lift Pass. Pass Holder is Suspended from using and receiving the benefits of the Pass for the remainder of the winter season.

Terms used in this Alpine Responsibility Code have the following meanings:

Cancellation means the applicable Pass assigned to the Pass Holder is cancelled with no refund or transfer of unused days;
Closed Area means any area that we have restricted access to from time to time;
Dangerous Manner means a failure to observe and adhere to the Alpine Responsibility Code, as amended by us from time to time;
Pass means either:
a) a Date-Based Lift Pass (being a lift pass for a specified date and duration during the 2026 winter season); or
b) a Season Pass (being a lift pass for the whole of the 2026 winter season), purchased by or for the Pass Holder;
Pass Holder means the person using and assigned to the applicable Pass; and
Suspended means the Pass Holder is unable to use and receive the benefits of a Pass.

THREDBO DRONE POLICY:

To maximise safety for staff, customers, property and equipment, we prohibit the unauthorised operation or use of any remotely piloted aircraft or any form of aerial drones (whether by recreational or commercial users) within the Resort area without our approval.

FORCE MAJEURE:

To the extent permitted by law, and subject to Thredbo’s Cancellation Policy, we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage (whether direct or consequential), nor be in default under these Terms and Conditions, for failure to observe or perform any of our obligations under these Terms and Conditions for any reason or cause which could not, with reasonable diligence, be controlled or prevented. These reasons or causes include any act of God, strike, lockout or other industrial disturbance or labour difficulty, act of public enemy, war (whether declared or not), blockade, revolution, riot, insurrection, civil commotion, pandemic, epidemic, outbreaks of infectious disease or any other public health crisis or any governmental orders or measures imposed to address such public health crisis, including quarantine or any other social restrictions, lightning, storm, flood, fire, earthquake or any other natural disaster or extreme weather condition, explosion, any action, inaction, demand, order, restraint, restriction, change in law, requirement, prevention, frustration or hindrance by or of any person, government or competent authority, embargoes, unavailability of any essential equipment, chemicals or other materials, unavoidable accident, lack of transportation and any other cause whether specifically referred to above or otherwise which is not within our reasonable control.

PRIVACY STATEMENT

We collect, store and use the personal information which you provide to us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

IF YOU BREACH ANY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WE MAY REQUIRE YOU TO FORFEIT YOUR LIFT AND RESORT ACCESS, IN WHICH CASE YOU WILL LOSE ALL PRIVILEGES ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR LIFT PASS.

Follow us on social
   
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
Winter 2026 going out with a splash! The sun was out, the dress ups were on, and the Thredbo Pond Skim brought one last dose of spring chaos. Shout out to everyone who joined in the fun! Shot on @insta360.anz
When it comes to the final Après Club party of the season, we knew we were in safe hands with @smirnoff the village came alive for one last boogie to round out Winter 2026 thanks to @benson.aus Until next year... 
A pretty special delivery from our dear friends at @burton  to celebrate 50 years of Burton, direct from the Burton Snowboards Factory in Vermont, an original Backhill Snowboard straight from the archives. It only felt right to open this one in Australia’s first Burton Flagship Store in Thredbo! We are so honoured to receive this gift, and to have Burton as a resort partner  huge congrats to the Burton team for reaching this incredible milestone!
Winter 2026 through the eyes of an @insta360.anz  From first turns to final laps, 150+ events, unforgettable moments and plenty of après - we had some serious fun with all of you this season! While we say goodbye to Winter 26, there’s just one thing left… vote for Thredbo in the World Ski Awards  hit the link in bio & thank you so much for your support  Next stop... Mountain Bike Season kicking off November 21!
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
View social feed
Download our new mobile app

Whether you ski, snowboard, hike, mountain bike or are visiting for the first time, our app is your companion to Australia’s Premier Adventure Destination.

Sign up for news

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive deals, the latest weather, forecasts, news, events and more!

Sign up

Thredbo sits on the traditional land of the Monero – Ngarigo people who have looked after this land, water and community for over 60,000 years. We thank them for all they have done and continue to do to look after their country, a special place which we all love and respect.

Cams & Weather
 Weather Report
 Cams
 Lifts & Trails
Book a Trip
 Buy Passes & Rentals
 Book Accommodation
Quick Links
 Getting Here
 Thredbo Jobs
 Mountain Safety
 Media Centre
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
Contact Us

1300 020 589 (Australia)
or send an email

© 2026 Thredbo
Start Chat
