URL: https://www.thredbo.com.au/passes-rentals/summer-passes/summer-2026-27-season-pass/
TITLE: 2026/27 Gravity Pass | Unlimited Lift Access | Thredbo, NSW
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:46:22.945Z

Winter 2027 Season Passes On Sale | Lock In The Best Possible Pass Price With Just A $49 Deposit | Buy Now﻿

 Shop
 
 Sign in
 
 
  
Plan & Buy Events & Activities Restaurants & Retail About Thredbo Social & News
0°
19km/h
Cams, Lifts and Weather
 Back to Summer Passes
2026/27 Gravity Pass

Unlock unlimited laps and exclusive perks with the Gravity Pass. Your ticket to Australia’s premier lift-accessed bike park. From all-season riding to resort-wide benefits and event discounts

Beat The Price Rise, Lock It In Now With A $49 Deposit
from
$779
Buy Now
MTB Gravity Pass
New DH Trail
New Intermediate Jump Trail
Beat The Price Rise!

Your Gravity Pass unlocks all-inclusive resort access* until 11 June 2027:

Thredbo MTB Park Unlimited Access | 21 Nov 2026 to 26 Apr 2027
Scenic chairlift rides
Thredbo Leisure Centre membership to access the pool & gym*
Save Up to 20% Off Cannonball & Interschools Event Entries
1 x Alpine Coaster Ride + Discounts on additional rides
Food & Drinks Discount
Exclusive Retail Offers*
Daily Golf Course Access
Daily Tennis Court Hire

*Please note some days are subject to closures

Current Lowest Price $779
Buy now
New Downhill Trail | Dropping 2027

In early 2027, we are excited to announce the opening of a new world‑level downhill trail dropping from beneath Merritts Gondola to Friday Flat. The track unlocks bold, never‑before‑ridden terrain in the park, combining steep fall‑line sections with large, purpose‑built race‑only lines designed for elite competition. Built by Elevation Parks, the project bridges Thredbo’s downhill heritage with its future, completing the rider progression story.

Check It Out
New Intermediate Jump Trail | Dropping Late 2026

Opening in November 2026, the MTB park introduces a new intermediate jump trail flowing from the Cruiser area down to the Merritts Gondola mid‑station. Designed as a modern-era jump trail, it blends smooth, high‑speed flow with perfectly shaped doubles and hips, creating a progressive and confidence‑building jumping experience. This trail adds a major new progression feature to the park and strengthens the jump line offering.

Check It Out
Our Largest MTB Benefits Program Ever
Alpine Coaster

50% off 1 ride or 3 ride coaster passes this Summer

Bring A Friend Voucher

6 x 1 Day Up To 50% Off Bring A Friend Vouchers*
*excludes 4 & under and 80 & over season passes

Food & Drinks

10% discount on Food & Drinks at Thredbo owned outlets*

Retail Offers

10% - 50% exclusive sales throughout season*

MTB Lesson Discount

Up To 20% off 2 hour MTB Private Lessons

Thredbo Leisure Centre Access

Unlimited access to pool & gym + discounts on pool inflatables & Zero Gravity tramp sessions

Events Discount

Up to 20% off Cannonball Festival and MTB Interschools Entries*

Season Pass Protection

Complimentary protection in case of injury, illness or international relocation

Gravity Pass Pricing

Payment Plan

We’re making it easier than ever to lock in your Thredbo Season Passes! Secure your pass now with a deposit and pay the rest later.

Gravity Pass Payment Plan Schedule: 

Pay a $49 deposit today to secure your Gravity Pass*
Final balance will be automatically debited on 7 October 2026

Please note: Guests on a Payment Plan will not receive access to discounts or benefits until the pass is paid in full. The Summer Season Pass Payment Plan option is only available until 5 October 2026. Not available on 80+ and 4 & under passes.

Frequently Asked Questions
General
 
Will There Be A Discount If I Purchase A Winter 2027 Season Pass & A 26/27 Gravity Pass?
 
All-Inclusive Resort Access | Thredbo Leisure Centre, Tennis & Golf
 
Benefits | Bring A Friend Vouchers & Season Pass Protection
 
Gravity Pass
 
New This Summer
New DH Trail

In early 2027, we are excited to announce the opening of a new world‑level downhill trail dropping from beneath Merritts Gondola to Friday Flat. The track unlocks bold, never‑before‑ridden terrain in the park, combining steep fall‑line sections with large, purpose‑built race‑only lines designed for elite competition. Built by Elevation Parks, the project bridges Thredbo’s downhill heritage with its future, completing the rider progression story.

New Intermediate Jump Trail

Opening in November 2026, the MTB park introduces a new intermediate jump trail flowing from the Cruiser area down to the Merritts Gondola mid‑station. Designed as a modern-era jump trail, it blends smooth, high‑speed flow with perfectly shaped doubles and hips, creating a progressive and confidence‑building jumping experience. This trail adds a major new progression feature to the park and strengthens the jump line offering.

Plan Your Dates
Summer of Events

Dive into our action-packed summer events calendar…there’s something for everyone! From the thrill of Cannonball to Easter celebrations and everything in between, it’s the perfect time to step outside and discover your next alpine adventure.

21 Nov, 2026 - 25 Apr, 2027
View details
Mountain Bike Park Opening Weekend

Get set for another massive season of mountain biking in Thredbo, we’re kicking things off with a bang!

21 - 22 Nov, 2026
View details
Thredbo Gravity Series

Want your shot at glory? Register for all four rounds to maximize your chance at taking home a serious share of the prize purse…plus ultimate bragging rights!

12 Dec, 2026 - 24 Apr, 2027
View details
Thredbo Gravity Series #1 | Specialized Sidewinder Showdown

We’re kicking off the racing season with a new track…tackle the turns and sprint down the straights in the ultimate Sidewinder Showdown.

12 Dec, 2026
View details
Thredbo Gravity Series #2 | Oakley Cruiser Crusher

The much-loved Cruiser Crusher is back! Don’t be fooled by the course…it’s a quick but intense test of endurance, with no room for rest.

30 Jan, 2027
View details
Cannonball MTB Festival

From the elite riders to the first timers, Cannonball MTB Festival brings the entire MTB community together for an action packed week of celebrations on and off the track. 

9 - 13 Feb, 2027
View details
Boost Mobile Australian MTB Interschools

The Australian MTB Interschools returns to Thredbo in 2027 for another week of action packed riding, racing and good times!

1 - 5 Mar, 2027
View details
Thredbo Gravity Series #3 | SRAM Supertrail Scramble

The Supertail Scramble returns once again, with a mix of Flow and DH this track will test all levels of riders combining the perfect blend of tech and speed.

20 Mar, 2027
View details
Kids Autumn Adventure Festival

The School Holidays Adventure festival has a mountain of activities the whole family to enjoy.

10 - 25 Apr, 2027
View details
Thredbo Gravity Series #4 | Maxxis Chainless Champs

It’s time to break out the fancy dress and go chainless for the final round of the Thredbo Gravity Series!

24 Apr, 2027
View details
Mountain Bike Park Closing Weekend

Send off the season with a bang as the Thredbo Mountain Bike Park wraps up another summer. Enjoy a long weekend of live music and racing as you get your last MTB fix before winter.

24 - 25 Apr, 2027
View details
Any Questions?

Guest Services is available if you need advice on which pass to buy, pricing or trip planning.

Online Chat: 8:30am – 4:30pm daily
Phone: 1300 020 589
Email: guestservices_thredbo@evt.com
In resort: Thredbo Guest Services (Valley Terminal)

Follow us on social
   
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
Winter 2026 going out with a splash! The sun was out, the dress ups were on, and the Thredbo Pond Skim brought one last dose of spring chaos. Shout out to everyone who joined in the fun! Shot on @insta360.anz
When it comes to the final Après Club party of the season, we knew we were in safe hands with @smirnoff the village came alive for one last boogie to round out Winter 2026 thanks to @benson.aus Until next year... 
A pretty special delivery from our dear friends at @burton  to celebrate 50 years of Burton, direct from the Burton Snowboards Factory in Vermont, an original Backhill Snowboard straight from the archives. It only felt right to open this one in Australia’s first Burton Flagship Store in Thredbo! We are so honoured to receive this gift, and to have Burton as a resort partner  huge congrats to the Burton team for reaching this incredible milestone!
Winter 2026 through the eyes of an @insta360.anz  From first turns to final laps, 150+ events, unforgettable moments and plenty of après - we had some serious fun with all of you this season! While we say goodbye to Winter 26, there’s just one thing left… vote for Thredbo in the World Ski Awards  hit the link in bio & thank you so much for your support  Next stop... Mountain Bike Season kicking off November 21!
Have you heard the news? The Thredbo Valley Track is now open! This 37km track follows the Thredbo river down the valley and is the perfect day out. With family friendly and beginner sections available, and more demanding distances available for experienced riders - it’s time to get back on the pedals!
There’s still time!  We’d love your vote for Thredbo as Australia’s Best Ski Resort in this year’s World Ski Awards. If you made some special memories with us this year, we’d be so grateful for your support.  It only takes a couple minutes, link in bio. 
The best price for your Winter 2027 season pass is yours to lock in Limited passes available at this price... once they’re gone, price goes up. Just a $49 deposit to secure yours  link in bio!
 Tier 1 season passes are going fast, and once they’re gone so is the best price of the season . Lock yours in with a $49 deposit at the link in BIO
When the theme is the Stone Age and Mother Nature takes it literally  Against all odds, the 12th Annual @transfersnow Banked Slalom went off today… and we have a feeling this one has carved its way into legend. A big shout out to @thredboparks for pulling the rabbit out of the hat with this one and for all our cavemen and cavewomen who showed no mercy. @volcom_oznz @yeti_au @sunbum @piratelifebeer @arborsnowboarding @joeysfootbeds
A couple of ways to earn your morning coffee 
Winter 2026 was made by our people. Our team, our guests, our village  thank you for being a part of a season we are proud of  We’re wrapping up the season this Sunday, 13 September, and we’ve got a HUGE send off planned! Join us for the Pond Skim & Aprés club finale featuring @benson.aus presented by @smirnoff this Saturday - let’s make a splash! 
Soaking up the final days of Friday Flat laps  open for spring skiing and snowboarding until Sunday… see you up here  : @insta360.anz shot on X6
View social feed
Download our new mobile app

Whether you ski, snowboard, hike, mountain bike or are visiting for the first time, our app is your companion to Australia’s Premier Adventure Destination.

Sign up for news

Subscribe to our newsletter to receive deals, the latest weather, forecasts, news, events and more!

Sign up

Thredbo sits on the traditional land of the Monero – Ngarigo people who have looked after this land, water and community for over 60,000 years. We thank them for all they have done and continue to do to look after their country, a special place which we all love and respect.

Cams & Weather
 Weather Report
 Cams
 Lifts & Trails
Book a Trip
 Buy Passes & Rentals
 Book Accommodation
Quick Links
 Getting Here
 Thredbo Jobs
 Mountain Safety
 Media Centre
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
Contact Us

1300 020 589 (Australia)
or send an email

© 2026 Thredbo
Start Chat
