URL: https://www.titusmountain.com/rentals
TITLE: Affordable Ski & Snowboard Rentals at Titus Mountain | Get Geared Up Today!
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:49:11.611Z

Skip to Main Content

TICKETS AND PASSES

PLAN

THE MOUNTAIN

LESSONS AND PROGRAMS

EVENTS

SNOWCAMS!

EN
FR

Ski & Snowboard Rentals

Couldn’t fit your skis in the car? Don’t have a set of your own yet? Titus Mountain has a fleet of skis, snowboards and high-performance skis available for daily rentals... and at prices that will make you smile! We’ll fit you with gear that’s tuned, waxed & correct for your size & ability. Skiing & Snowboarding is a whole lot more fun that way.

Rent Online
You can also rent ahead of time online with the purchase of a lift ticket. Limited quantity available.

Individual Components:

Ski or Snowboard: $25

Boots: $20

Poles: $5

Seasonal Rentals
Limited quantities of seasonal ski rentals are available each season.  Seasonal Rentals for Ski/Board package $229.

​

Group Rental Rates
Bringing a crowd? Have we got a deal for you! Our Group Rental Rates are the best around and we can help you get organized before you arrive, so everybody gets out on-the-snow having fun sooner. Get more information on all Group Rates Here.

Helmets
Titus Mountain encourages our guests to educate themselves about wearing helmets while skiing. We do not, however, rent helmets. To obtain information regarding this topic, please visit the National Ski Area Association website at www.nsaa.org.

What are Skier Types?
I. Skis conservatively, prefers slower speeds and moderate slopes with lower-than-average release/retention settings.
II. Skis moderately, prefers a variety of speeds and varied terrain including most difficult trails with average release/retention settings.
III. Skis aggressively, prefers most difficult, varied terrain with higher-than-average release/retention settings.

215 Johnson Road

Malone, NY 12953

(518) 483 - 3740

Quick Links
Buy Now
Conditions
Hours of Operation
Lift Tickets

Rentals
Ski & Stay Packages
Contact
Map & Directions
Privacy Policy
