URL: https://www.titusmountain.com/termsandconditions
TITLE: Terms & Conditions | Titus Mountain
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:49:25.099Z

Skip to Main Content

TICKETS AND PASSES

PLAN

THE MOUNTAIN

LESSONS AND PROGRAMS

EVENTS

SNOWCAMS!

EN
FR
Terms & Conditions:
 
 
Please read these terms and conditions (“terms”, “terms and conditions”) carefully before using the Titus Mountain Family Ski Center  website (the “service”) operated by Titus Mountain Family Ski Center.

CONDITIONS OF USE
We will provide services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.

PRIVACY POLICY
Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy policy regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices.

COPYRIGHT
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of Titus Mountain Family Ski Center or our resort partners and/or its content creators and is protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of Titus Mountain Family Ski Center or its resort partners, with copyright authorship for this compilation by Titus Mountain Family Ski Center.

COMMUNICATIONS
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us.  We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.

APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions or any dispute of any sort that might come between Titus Mountain Family Ski Center and you or its business partners and associates.

DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to this website or to products you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by the Judicial Court in the State of New York, County of Franklin and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.

LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us.

USER ACCOUNT
If you are an owner of an account on estore.titusmountain.com, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password. Titus Mountain Family Ski Center passes or promotional codes provided for the purchase of a Titus Mountain Family Ski Center Season Pass may not be resold for any dollar amount.

We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content, and cancel orders at our sole discretion.

215 Johnson Road

Malone, NY 12953

(518) 483 - 3740

Quick Links
Buy Now
Conditions
Hours of Operation
Lift Tickets

Rentals
Ski & Stay Packages
Contact
Map & Directions
Privacy Policy
