URL: https://www.planai.at/en/activities/skiing/4-mountain-ski-link
TITLE: 4-mountain ski area - skiing fun in Schladming | planai.at
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:42:37.536Z

Skip to content
Skip to table of contents
Skip to navigation
table-of-content.title
4-mountain ski area Schladming
The skiing heart of the 4-mountain ski area
Skiing areas - 123 kilometers of slopes
Planai & Hochwurzen
Cuisine & comfort
Families, groups and connoisseurs
right in the middle of
contact
Live
Buy ticket
Menu

Secure your ski pass with the online early booking bonus

You can now secure your season passes and day and multi-day ski passes for the coming winter at the best available price in our online ticket shop.

Get your tickets
4-mountain ski area
Schladming
The skiing heart of the 4-mountain ski area
Planai & Hochwurzen

This is where the winter heart of Styria beats, in the middle of Austria. Together with the Hauser Kaibling and the Reiteralm , they form the 4-mountain Schladming ski area with 123 kilometers of pistes, 50 modern cable cars and lifts and 56 ski huts. Here you will find everything your skier's heart desires!

Skiing areas - 123 kilometers of slopes

All four mountains are seamlessly connected. Access is possible directly in Schladming at the Planai main cable car or the WEST winter sports center, the Hochwurzen summit lift, the Hauser Kaibling and the Reiteralm - without any detours or ski buses. The entire ski circuit can be experienced with just one ski pass. Ski swings non-stop.

Das Herz der 4-Berge Skischaukel

Planai & Hochwurzen
The heart of the 4-mountain ski area
Direct access to the ski area - easily accessible from Schladming
WEST winter sports center - just a 6-minute walk from the train station
Compact infrastructure with parking spaces, ski depot, ski rental and restaurants
Ski like the world champions on the Planai
Atmospheric end to the day in the valley with gastronomy and après-ski
Top-class events: ski opening, the night race, night slalom and more
Night tobogganing and night skiing on the Hochwurzen
The longest toboggan run in the region - 7 kilometers of tobogganing fun on the Hochwurzen

Genuss auf 4 Bergen

Cuisine & comfort
Enjoyment on 4 mountains
Culinary delights
Timetables
Ski tour
Winter hiking

Jede Menge Angebot für

Families, groups and connoisseurs
Lots on offer for
Tobogganing Hochwurzen
Culinary delights
Ski tour
Winter hiking
start
Activities
Skiing
4-mountain ski link

Contact:

Get in touch with us:

+43 3687 22042 Send an email

Newsletter

Always up to date!

Subscribe now!
Contact us
Imprint
Job portal
Press
Data privacy
Declaration of accessibility
Information lt. EMFG & MedKF-TG
Cookie settings
TikTok
Language
EN
 
German (Deutsch)
English
We use cookies and other technologies.
We use cookies that are technically necessary for the functioning of the website and, with your consent, also cookies and other technologies to optimize our website, analyze traffic, personalize content and ads, offer functions for social media, integrate external content and show personalized advertising on other platforms. To do this, we share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners as well as with our partner websites. This cookie banner connects the following partner websites: www.schladming-dachstein.at, www.hauser-kaibling.at, www.planai.at and www.reiteralm.at. You can revoke your consent to cookies that are not technically necessary at any time with effect for the future for all these partner websites via this central cookie banner.
Technically necessary
 (7)
?
Analysis / Statistics
 (7)
?
Advertisements / Ads
 (5)
?
Personalization
 (4)
?
Social media
 (4)
?
Other
 (1)
?
ACCEPT EVERYTHING
SAVE
DECLINE
Imprint
Data protection notice
Settings
Made & Hosted in Germany by CCM19
