URL: https://www.planai.at/en/tickets-price/season
TITLE: Frequent traveler tickets for Schladming, Planai & Hochwurzen
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:42:44.153Z

Skip to content
Skip to table of contents
Skip to navigation
table-of-content.title
Frequent traveler cards Winter & Summer
Unlimited mountain experiences
Frequent traveler cards winter
Frequent traveler cards summer
right in the middle of
contact
Live
Buy ticket
Menu

Secure your ski pass with the online early booking bonus

You can now secure your season passes and day and multi-day ski passes for the coming winter at the best available price in our online ticket shop.

Get your tickets
Frequent traveler cards
Winter & Summer
Unlimited mountain experiences
As often as you want, for as long as you want.

Whether winter or summer - with our multi-ride tickets you are flexible and always ready for your personal mountain adventure. If you want to visit the Planai or Hochwurzen more than just once, a season or network ticket is the perfect solution. Ideal for all those who are regularly out and about doing sports or simply enjoy spending time in the great outdoors.

Frequent traveler cards winter
ALL IN Card
SuperSkiCard
Styria Joker
Frequent traveler cards summer
Hiking season ticket
Bikepark Schladming
Bikepark Schladming
The whole world. Just around the corner.
Graz Airport
start
Tickets & prices
Season tickets

Contact:

Get in touch with us:

+43 3687 22042 Send an email

Newsletter

Always up to date!

Subscribe now!
Contact us
Imprint
Job portal
Press
Data privacy
Declaration of accessibility
Information lt. EMFG & MedKF-TG
Cookie settings
TikTok
Language
EN
 
German (Deutsch)
English
We use cookies and other technologies.
We use cookies that are technically necessary for the functioning of the website and, with your consent, also cookies and other technologies to optimize our website, analyze traffic, personalize content and ads, offer functions for social media, integrate external content and show personalized advertising on other platforms. To do this, we share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners as well as with our partner websites. This cookie banner connects the following partner websites: www.schladming-dachstein.at, www.hauser-kaibling.at, www.planai.at and www.reiteralm.at. You can revoke your consent to cookies that are not technically necessary at any time with effect for the future for all these partner websites via this central cookie banner.
Technically necessary
 (7)
?
Analysis / Statistics
 (7)
?
Advertisements / Ads
 (5)
?
Personalization
 (4)
?
Social media
 (4)
?
Other
 (1)
?
ACCEPT EVERYTHING
SAVE
DECLINE
Imprint
Data protection notice
Settings
Made & Hosted in Germany by CCM19
