URL: https://www.planai.at/en/tickets-price/season/steiermark-joker
TITLE: Styria Joker Partners & Prices - Planai & Hochwurzen | planai.at
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:42:53.676Z

Skip to content
Skip to table of contents
Skip to navigation
table-of-content.title
Prices Styria Joker
Styria Joker
Price Steiermark Joker
Styria Joker
General ticket information
right in the middle of
contact
Live
Buy ticket
Menu

Secure your ski pass with the online early booking bonus

You can now secure your season passes and day and multi-day ski passes for the coming winter at the best available price in our online ticket shop.

Get your tickets
Prices
Styria Joker

Von coolen Bergen & heißen Quellen

Styria Joker
Valid from November 01 to April 30
Of cool mountains & hot springs

With this ticket you can enjoy 27 ski mountains as well as 5 top Styrian thermal spas:

Heiltherme Bad Waltersdorf
Parktherme Bad Radkersburg
Loipersdorf thermal spa
Therme Nova Köflach
Therme der Ruhe Bad Gleichenberg
Price Steiermark Joker
Joker Einzelkarten

Erwachsen

	

1 Erwachsener

+ max. 5 x weitere Kinder (2020 - 2025)

	

Vorverkauf 1.109,00 €

Normalpreis 1.221,00 €

U28

	

1 U28

U28 (1997 - 2006)

	

Vorverkauf 809,00 €

Normalpreis 891,00 €

Jugend

	

1 Jugendlicher

Jugendlicher (2007 - 2009)

	

Vorverkauf 809,00 €

Normalpreis 891,00 €

Kind

	

1 Kind

Kind (2010 - 2019)

	

Vorverkauf 599,00 €

Normalpreis 659,00 €

Joker Familienpakete
Joker Geschwisterpakete
Joker Partnerpaket
Styria Joker
secure
Buy Styria Joker
General ticket information
The ticket is personal and non-transferable.
No replacement for forgotten or lost tickets.
Multi-day tickets are only valid on consecutive days.
Advance sale and use of multi-day tickets is also possible from 3 p.m. on the day before.
Information about additional ski pass offers (e.g. hourly tickets) is available at the lift ticket offices.
Information on special rates (groups of 20 people or more, people with disabilities from 70%, etc.) is available on request!
In the early and late season and when there is insufficient snow, the range of lifts and pistes is limited.
The current (daily) availability can be found at the respective ticket offices, on the electronic panorama boards, on the respective information channels of the ski area and at the respective lifts as well as on the Internet.
The FIS safety rules must be observed.
A special evening ticket is required for tobogganing in the evening and night skiing.
The member companies of the respective ticket associations operate their cable car and lift facilities as well as pistes on their own responsibility and legally independently. The specific transportation contract is concluded with the member company whose facilities and pistes are currently being used.

Subject to changes, typing errors and mistakes! All prices in Euro.

Detailed information on the general tariff provisions
start
Tickets & prices
Season tickets
Steiermark Joker

Contact:

Get in touch with us:

+43 3687 22042 Send an email

Newsletter

Always up to date!

Subscribe now!
Contact us
Imprint
Job portal
Press
Data privacy
Declaration of accessibility
Information lt. EMFG & MedKF-TG
Cookie settings
TikTok
Language
EN
 
German (Deutsch)
English
We use cookies and other technologies.
We use cookies that are technically necessary for the functioning of the website and, with your consent, also cookies and other technologies to optimize our website, analyze traffic, personalize content and ads, offer functions for social media, integrate external content and show personalized advertising on other platforms. To do this, we share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners as well as with our partner websites. This cookie banner connects the following partner websites: www.schladming-dachstein.at, www.hauser-kaibling.at, www.planai.at and www.reiteralm.at. You can revoke your consent to cookies that are not technically necessary at any time with effect for the future for all these partner websites via this central cookie banner.
Technically necessary
 (7)
?
Analysis / Statistics
 (7)
?
Advertisements / Ads
 (5)
?
Personalization
 (4)
?
Social media
 (4)
?
Other
 (1)
?
ACCEPT EVERYTHING
SAVE
DECLINE
Imprint
Data protection notice
Settings
Made & Hosted in Germany by CCM19
