URL: https://swain.com/lessons/
TITLE: Lessons | Swain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:48:25.566Z

Skip to the content
Swain Resort
Home
Events
Weddings
Venue
Mega Sale
Fall Foliage Lift Rides
Swain Beer Fest
Warren Miller’s Days Off
Plan Your Visit
Lodging
Season Passes
Tickets & Rentals
Kids Camps
Tuning & Services
Dining
The Mountain
Venue Rental
Our Story
Trail Report
Trail Map
Slopeside Properties
Uphill Travel
More
Community Programs
The Shop
Racing
Safety
Gift Certificate
Indy Pass
Ski Patrol
Employment
Monroe County
Powder Mills Park
Ski Northampton Park
Contact Us
Learn to love winter at Swain
Lesson programs for all ages & abilities

Swain Ski School offers learners at every age the ability to start a new snowsport hobby or perfect their skills on the mountain. We are a PSIA certified ski school and our dedicated staff of instructors will partner with you every step of the way to ensure you feel confident with your equipment and are ready to attack the hill!

Our all-inclusive lesson packages are a great way to get introduced to snowsports. We offer both group & private lessons for your comfort!

Get started with our professionally trained instructors and learn the basic fundamentals of skiing or snowboarding so you can feel confident in your new sport. We will teach you the tips and tricks so you can learn to love winter!

Group Lesson Packages: Includes Lift Ticket & Rental
Quad 2 Package – $69

(ages 6 & up)

The package is perfect for first-time skier/riders. This package will take first-timers from equipment use and how to get started through locking into their skis, and how to stop. Students will start on the Magic Carpet and learn the basics of the pizza wedge maneuvers and how to turn on the hill. This package includes an All-Day lift ticket for the beginner areas, rentals, and a 90-minute group lesson at regularly scheduled lesson times.

All-Mountain Package – $109

(ages 6 & up)

This package is perfect for skiers and riders who already have experience and are ready to tackle bigger terrain. Includes an all-day lift ticket for all lifts, rentals, and a 90-minute group lesson at regularly scheduled lesson times.

Private Lessons Start at $109
Book a Lesson
Children's Learning Center
Lil' Penguins Package (3-6yrs) - $49

Only available on Saturdays & Sundays @ 9 am

Offered to little skiers. Includes a complimentary all-mountain lift ticket and rental equipment. Plus, a 60min group lesson. 

Snowball Class (3-6yrs) - $129

This is a four-time series for kids ages 3-6. Geared towards kiddos getting used to the snow. Each lesson is 45-minutes long. Offered on Saturdays and Sundays mornings.

SOLD OUT

Drop-In Childcare
Ages 18 months - 7 years old - $45/per child

Available Saturdays & Sundays from 10am-2pm

Drop the little ones off to play while you hit the slopes or grab some lunch in The Shawmut!

We will provide a small snack during drop-in care. 

24-hours advance notice is required.

Only available during ski season. 

See below for answers to some of our most popularly asked questions and then read more below to find the lesson package that’s right for you and your family.

Can I book a lesson when I arrive?

Lesson availability is NOT guaranteed. Be sure to book at least 24hrs in advance for guaranteed reservations. 

But I purchased a 6 pack, are those guaranteed?

No, we still need to reserve your lesson for the day you plan to come. Please call ahead so that we can book your lesson in our system. 

Does my lesson package include a helmet?

No, most of our lesson packages do not include a helmet, but they are available for rent or purchase. 

How early should I arrive for my lesson?

We suggest that you arrive at least 1 hour prior to your scheduled lesson start time, especially if you need rentals. Guests arriving after this time may forfeit their lesson.

Can I use poles?

If you are taking a beginner lesson, we do not allow the use of poles. Poles are allowed in intermediate and above.

What is the Magic Carpet?

The magic carpet is a people mover that allows first time skiers and riders to easily traverse up a small slope and practice new skills such as turning and stopping before riding the chair lift.

To the top ↑
Contact
Swain Resort
2275 County Road 24
Swain NY 14884
(607) 545-6511
info@swain.com
Quick Links
Next Steps
Lodging
Season Passes
Monroe Country Parks
Safety
Waiver
Login to Your Account
Employment
General Employment
All Jobs
Follow us!
Partners
Sponsors
Subscribe to our mailing list
Email Address:*

© 2026 Swain Resort

Now offering financing options with Affirm on all of our products.

Close Welcome Bar
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
ACCEPT
Privacy Policy
