URL: https://swain.com/season-passes/
TITLE: Season Passes | Swain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:48:32.572Z

Skip to the content
Swain Resort
Home
Events
Weddings
Venue
Mega Sale
Fall Foliage Lift Rides
Swain Beer Fest
Warren Miller’s Days Off
Plan Your Visit
Lodging
Season Passes
Tickets & Rentals
Kids Camps
Tuning & Services
Dining
The Mountain
Venue Rental
Our Story
Trail Report
Trail Map
Slopeside Properties
Uphill Travel
More
Community Programs
The Shop
Racing
Safety
Gift Certificate
Indy Pass
Ski Patrol
Employment
Monroe County
Powder Mills Park
Ski Northampton Park
Contact Us
Become part of a community at Swain
Join our Family
and Experience the Difference at Swain.

Enjoy unlimited skiing & boarding, whenever you want. But there’s more gained from becoming a season pass holder at Swain than just infinite time on the slopes!

Additional benefits include discounted lift tickets to share, discounts on lessons, camps, in the retail shop, great deals on lodging, PLUS all of the free and discounted lift passes to our reciprocal partners! Not to mention, the warm, welcoming ski & board community that knows how to kick back and have fun.

Shop Season Passes
One Pass. One Price. Whole Family.

A big family can mean snow sports are out of reach! We are changing that narrative with our Family Pass! Get the whole family on one pass, for one flat rate! 

Season Pass Rates for 2026 - 2027
Pass Type	Rate
Single	$799  
Duo Pass (2)	$1499 
Family Pass (3+)	$2189  
Student & Senior	$689 
Military	$689 
Children 6 & under	$20
Senior 75 & over	$20
Twilight (4-close)	$359 
College Twilight (4-close)	$299  
Uphill Pass	$59
Locker	$210 
Interest-free Pay Plans Available

Making snowsports more accessible to everyone with our interest-free payment plan. Pay in 5 easy installments (Mar-Aug), or 3 installments (Sept-Oct) with no extra cost. It’s a simple, flexible way to hit the slopes now and pay over time! 

There’s more to a Swain Season Pass than just our awesome community and hometown vibe.

Swain Season Passes include access to many of our reciprocal partner mountains PLUS a host of VIP benefits, including:

Discounts on dining and retail
15% lodging discount
Discounted lift tickets for your friends
Lesson and Camp discounts! 
Early lift access on select days
FREE Uphill Travel
10% discount on a YMCA membership with participating gyms
FREE golf at The Hornell Golf Club & Woodlyn Hills Golf Course 
Discounts at Stokoe Farms
Plus, discounted reciprocal lift tickets to other mountains such as Holiday Valley, Whiteface Mountain, Hunt Hollow, and more! 
Season Pass FAQ
Season Passes are non-transferrable and are only to be used by the individual named on the pass.
Family Rates are for parents or guardians and their children. Dependents are under the age of 22 at time of payment, living at home or attending college full time.
Dependent persons are those who will be claimed on your Federal Tax Return for 2025.
Ages 6 & Under on December 1, 2026, are $20 with a paying adult
Ages 75 & Up at time of payment are $20, photo ID required
College students must present or send a copy of photo college ID before Student Pass will be issued
Military Pass must show proof of service in an approved format disclosed in our pass waiver at the time of purchase
To the top ↑
Contact
Swain Resort
2275 County Road 24
Swain NY 14884
(607) 545-6511
info@swain.com
Quick Links
Next Steps
Lodging
Season Passes
Monroe Country Parks
Safety
Waiver
Login to Your Account
Employment
General Employment
All Jobs
Follow us!
Partners
Sponsors
Subscribe to our mailing list
Email Address:*

© 2026 Swain Resort

Now offering financing options with Affirm on all of our products.

Close Welcome Bar
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
ACCEPT
Privacy Policy
