URL: https://www.bristolmountain.com/coach-johnnys-top-tips-for-getting-in-shape-for-the-winter-season/
TITLE: Coach Johnny's Top Tips for Getting in Shape for the Winter Season - Bristol Mountain
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:26:13.358Z

Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Deny
View preferences
FALL SKY RIDES
FALL FESTIVAL
THE MOUNTAIN
SNOWSPORTS SCHOOL
YOUR VISIT
JOBS
PURCHASE NOW
COACH JOHNNY’S TOP TIPS FOR GETTING IN SHAPE FOR THE WINTER SEASON

The Bristol Mountain Freestyle Team is active on and off the snow. Who better to get advice regarding a pre-season workout than the man who has coached six athletes to the U.S. Ski & Snowboard Team, two of whom are U.S. Olympic athletes?

What’s your secret Coach Johhny?

We always apply the KISS principle so things are easy to remember. I ask the athletes to focus on three areas and let the parents know what they can do to participate in these activities as well.

HYDRATION: The most simple task you can do to help get ready for any athletic based activity is to drink more water. A simple way to get a head start on this every day is to fill a water bottle and put it next to your bed. Before your feet hit the floor in the morning, drink as much of the water bottle as you can. From the time you wake up until you are ready to have breakfast that water is working to hydrate your body.

AEROBIC EXERCISE: Our team meets every weekend from September until the snow flies to hike up Bristol Mountain. This is a great low impact activity. If you can’t make it to Bristol Mountain find a local hill to do laps or walk upstairs every chance you get. If you work in a building with an elevator you can walk up and ride down or walk both ways! The goal is to keep moving year round.

BALANCE/COORDINATION: Any fun activity that involves balance and coordination is great pre- season training. Examples include: soccer, mountain biking, roller blading, etc. The key point is to have as much fun as possible. Make a game out of it and share it with friends.

These three simple things will not only help you get ready for a great snowsports season but will also help you feel better and increase your overall energy level. Good luck with your pre-season training routine and I will see you on the slopes! — Coach Johnny

NOVEMBER 25, 2018
Share this entry
	
	
	
	
© Copyright - Bristol Mountain | 5662 Route 64 Canandaigua, NY 14424 | Phone: 585-374-6000 | Email: fun@bristolmt.com | Policies | Credit Policies ||| Staff Login |||
Zen and the Art of Ski Tuning	
	What is the Bristol Brigade?
