URL: https://www.greekpeak.net/lift-tickets/
TITLE: Greek Peak Lift Tickets | Ski & Snowboard Ticket Options - Greek Peak Mountain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:31:17.486Z

Skip To Main Content
Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Skip to content

Accessible Menu - Main
SHOP
PLAY
STAY
EAT
GATHER
HOURS
CONDITIONS
WEBCAMS
EVENTS
BLOG
Oct 3, 2026
60°F
Greek Peak Lift Ticket Options:

2026/2027 Pricing – Subject to Change

1-Day Lift Ticket

For the perfect day on the slopes, our 1-Day Lift Ticket has you covered. Enjoy full access from open to close and make the most of the entire day and night.

$125

3-Day Pass

Ski or ride for three days and save big! Perfect for weekend warriors or weekday wanderers. Use it any three days that suit you best.

$249

Night Ticket

Enjoy skiing or snowboarding under the stars from 3:30 PM to close.
Mondays: Enjoy College Night, starting in January for just $29!

$79

Beginner Area Pass

Just starting out? Our Beginner Area Pass provides access to gentle, beginner-friendly slopes, and Chair #3, ideal for first-timers and those working on their skills.

$68

Under 7 Ski Free

Young skiers and riders (ages 6 and under) can join in on the fun at no cost! Our slopes are open to the youngest adventurers with this complimentary ticket.

FREE!

Important Notice: Greek Peak does not have ticket windows. All tickets and activity passes must be purchased online before your arrival.
DO NOT LOSE YOUR GOPASS CARD. There is a $5 replacement fee for new cards.

BUY NOW
Adventure Awaits with Our 3-Day Pass!

Extend your time on the slopes with our flexible 3-Day Pass, designed for those who crave more mountain moments. Whether you’re here for a day or the whole weekend, we have the perfect lift ticket option for you.

Why Choose the 3-Day Pass?

Our 3-Day Pass is made for those who want the freedom to ski or ride on their schedule. Ski three full days, back-to-back, or spread out throughout the season, whatever works best for you!

Use Your Days, Your Way: Flexibility to ski any three days this season.
Incredible Value: Enjoy more skiing and savings compared to daily tickets. $83 Per Day!
All-Access Fun: Valid for all lifts and trails, so you get the full Greek Peak experience.

Ticket Comparison Table

Ticket Type	Access	Flexibility
1-Day Pass	Full mountain access.	One day only.
3-Day Pass [Best Value!]	Full mountain access.	Use any three days.
Night Pass	Full mountain (3:30 PM – close).	Evening hours.
Beginner Area Pass	Beginner area only.	One day only.
Under 6 Ski Free	Full mountain access.	Free with paying adult.
Ski Smart, Ride Safe

At Greek Peak, we’re all about creating unforgettable mountain experiences—and safety plays a big role in that. That’s why we’re teaming up with SKI NY’s Mountain Safety Guide to help everyone enjoy the slopes safely and responsibly.

What’s in the Guide?
Tips for navigating the slopes with confidence
Important rules of the mountain, like lift safety and collision awareness
The New York State Ski Safety Code and Article 18 signage requirements
Everything you need to know about “Your Responsibility Code” with its ten essential guidelines

Whether you’re a seasoned pro or just starting out, this guide has something for everyone. Check it out before your next adventure!

Please refer to Lift Ticket Terms & Conditions for details, and NYS Article 18 for safety information.

Please call Guest Services if you have questions at 844-846-9572.

Additional Info:

*A ticket purchase is required for lift access.

*Greek Peak does not partner with third party vendors for ticket sales or discounts and will not honor unauthorized deals and discounts.

*It is illegal to purchase partially used lift tickets from other guests.

*Pricing and specials may vary during holiday time periods.

Contact Us: Email

General Information:
800-955-2754
SKI PATROL EMERGENCY:
844-972-8765

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

2000 NYS Rt. 392
Cortland, NY 13045
Adventure Center:
1856 NYS Rt. 392
Hope Lake Lodge & Waterpark:
2177 Clute Road

Quick Links
Employment
Lost & Found
Donation Requests
Preferred Partners
Refund/Cancellation Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Drone Policy
Accessibility Statement
Mission Statement

Copyright ©2026

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

Have a Question?
