URL: https://www.greekpeak.net/greek-peak-mountain-resort-fires-up-the-snow-guns-and-plans-for-opening-day-of-the-2025-26-season/
TITLE: Greek Peak Mountain Resort fires up the snow guns and plans for Opening Day of the 2025-26 Season - Greek Peak Mountain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:31:27.653Z

Skip To Main Content
Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Skip to content

Accessible Menu - Main
SHOP
PLAY
STAY
EAT
GATHER
HOURS
CONDITIONS
WEBCAMS
EVENTS
BLOG
Oct 2, 2026
61°F
Greek Peak Mountain Resort fires up the snow guns and plans for Opening Day of the 2025-26 Season

November 12, 2025

Snowmaking has started for the 2025-26 season, and the guns are firing! Greek Peak’s award-winning crew of snowmakers hit the slopes Monday night and will continue through the day and into Tuesday evening with plans for coverage on Karyatis Way, Meadow, Platonic, Lower Platonic, Elysian Fields, Stoic, Odyssey and the tubing hill. Opening Day has yet to be announced, but with snowmaking efforts beginning about 10 days sooner than last year, that certainly shows some promise for the upcoming 2025-26 season. Last season, ski and ride guests were treated to 108 days on the slopes, and with Greek Peak’s latest investments in infrastructure and snowmaking equipment, they are feeling good about a similar showing for this season.

Wes Kryger, president of Greek Peak Mountain Resort, expressed optimism for the coming season and is excited to share the resort’s ongoing commitment to enhancing the guest experience. “The 2025-26 season marks the beginning of a new four-year, $2 million-plus investment plan into the mountain, and I believe our guests will be able to really see the results of our efforts to date out on the slopes this season,” said Kryger.

Among the finalized projects that skiers and boarders will enjoy this coming season:
A new pump in main pumphouse, which brings an increased capacity of 33% to get more water to key parts of the new snow-making infrastructure and increase overall terrain coverage.
12 new high-efficiency HKD Snowguns.
New water & air lines on Middle Pollux.
A second wave of new rental gear added to our inventory valued at $150,000.
New HKD KLIK hydrants and new water lines on Karyatis Way.
Brand new snowmaking capacity has been added to East Meadow, Zephyr, and the top of Epicurus.
Two brand new valve huts, one at the top of Elysian Fields and one at the intersection of Epicurus and Zephyr.
Castor Connection has been widened for safer trail merging and additional hydrants were installed to enable more snow-making and terrain coverage.
Two new weather stations.
New lights on Alcmene, Epicurus, Zephyr, East Meadow, & Trojan.

Wes Kryger, president of Greek Peak Mountain Resort, praised these upgrades as a testament to the resort’s ongoing commitment to enhancing the guest experience. “Investments like these are significant and they’re part of what has made Greek Peak a regional skiing destination for so many years,” said Kryger. “Our new four-year plan builds on the success of our recently completed 5-year plan, and our focus continues to be on the mountain and the overall guest experience.”

Contact Us: Email

General Information:
800-955-2754
SKI PATROL EMERGENCY:
844-972-8765

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

2000 NYS Rt. 392
Cortland, NY 13045
Adventure Center:
1856 NYS Rt. 392
Hope Lake Lodge & Waterpark:
2177 Clute Road

Quick Links
Employment
Lost & Found
Donation Requests
Preferred Partners
Refund/Cancellation Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Drone Policy
Accessibility Statement
Mission Statement

Copyright ©2026

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

Have a Question?
