URL: https://www.greekpeak.net/about-greek-peak/terms-conditions/
TITLE: Terms & Conditions - Greek Peak Mountain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:31:30.124Z

Skip To Main Content
Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Skip to content

Accessible Menu - Main
SHOP
PLAY
STAY
EAT
GATHER
HOURS
CONDITIONS
WEBCAMS
EVENTS
BLOG
Oct 3, 2026
60°F
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Overview

This website is operated by Greek Peak Holdings, LLC. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Greek Peak Holdings, LLC. Greek Peak Holdings, LLC offers this website, including all information, tools, and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here.

By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein. These Terms of Use apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, customers, merchants, and contributors of content.

Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, you may not access the website or use any services.

We reserve the right to update, change, or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates to our website. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Section 1 – Online Store Terms

By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you have given consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.

You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction, including but not limited to copyright laws.

You must not transmit any worms, viruses, or any code of a destructive nature.

A breach or violation of any of these Terms will result in an immediate termination of your services.

Section 2 – Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Greek Peak Holdings, LLC’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

Modify or copy the materials
Use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display, commercial or non-commercial
Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Greek Peak Holdings, LLC’s website
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials
Transfer the materials to another person or mirror the materials on any other server

This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Greek Peak Holdings, LLC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession, whether in electronic or printed format.

Section 3 – General Conditions

We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.

You understand that your content, not including credit card information, may be transferred unencrypted and involve transmissions over various networks and changes to conform to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit any portion of the Service or access to the Service without express written permission by us.

Section 4 – Accuracy, Completeness, and Timeliness of Information

We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete, or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon as the sole basis for making decisions. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.

We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.

Section 5 – Modifications to the Service and Prices

Prices for our products and services are subject to change without notice.

We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service, or any part or content thereof, without notice. We shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service.

Section 6 – Products and Services

Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our refund policy: greekpeak.net/about-greek-peak/refund-policy.

We reserve the right to limit the sales of our products or services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or pricing are subject to change at any time without notice at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time.

We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.

Section 7 – Accuracy of Billing and Account Information

We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order.

You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.

Section 8 – Optional Tools

We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control or input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools “as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations, or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.

Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion, and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider.

Section 9 – Third-Party Links

Certain content, products, and services available via our Service may include materials from third parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of third-party sites, and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials, websites, products, or services.

We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices before you engage in any transaction.

Section 10 – User Comments, Feedback, and Other Submissions

If you send us creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise, you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate, and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are under no obligation to maintain any comments in confidence, pay compensation for any comments, or respond to any comments.

You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, or other personal or proprietary right. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy.

Section 11 – Personal Information and Privacy

Your submission of personal information through our website and store is governed by our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, both of which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference. By using our website, you acknowledge and agree to the data collection and tracking practices described in those policies, including our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies.

A copy of our Privacy Policy is available at greekpeak.net/privacy-policy. A copy of our Cookie Policy, which describes the tracking technologies used on our website and how to manage your preferences, is available at greekpeak.net/cookie-policy.

We use a cookie consent mechanism on our website that allows you to accept or decline non-essential tracking technologies. Certain tracking technologies may be present on third-party-hosted subdomains, including our online booking and ticketing platforms, which operate under their own privacy and cookie practices.

Section 12 – Errors, Inaccuracies, and Omissions

Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, or availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service is inaccurate at any time without prior notice.

Section 13 – Prohibited Uses

In addition to other prohibitions set forth in these Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the site or its content:

For any unlawful purpose or to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts
To violate any international, federal, state, or local regulations, rules, or laws
To infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others
To harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability
To submit false or misleading information
To upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or any related website
To collect or track the personal information of others
To spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape
For any obscene or immoral purpose
To interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website

We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.

Section 14 – Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

We do not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.

The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are, except as expressly stated by us, provided “as is” and “as available” for your use, without any representation, warranties, or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

In no case shall Greek Peak Holdings, LLC, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, suppliers, service providers, or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the services or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product.

Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

Section 15 – Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Greek Peak Holdings, LLC and our parent entities, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.

Section 16 – Severability

In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

Section 17 – Termination

The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.

These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our services, or when you cease using our site.

If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination.

Section 18 – Entire Agreement

These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site, including our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications, and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us.

Section 19 – Governing Law

These Terms of Use and any separate agreements whereby we provide you services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any claim relating to Greek Peak Holdings, LLC’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

Section 20 – Changes to Terms of Use

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change, or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Section 21 – Contact Information

Questions about the Terms of Use should be directed to:
Greek Peak Holdings, LLC
Attn: Privacy Officer
2000 NYS Rt. 392
Cortland, NY 13045
Email: IT@greekpeakmtnresort.com

Contact Us: Email

General Information:
800-955-2754
SKI PATROL EMERGENCY:
844-972-8765

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

2000 NYS Rt. 392
Cortland, NY 13045
Adventure Center:
1856 NYS Rt. 392
Hope Lake Lodge & Waterpark:
2177 Clute Road

Quick Links
Employment
Lost & Found
Donation Requests
Preferred Partners
Refund/Cancellation Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Drone Policy
Accessibility Statement
Mission Statement

Copyright ©2026

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

Have a Question?
