URL: https://www.greekpeak.net/ski-ride/gear-rentals/
TITLE: Greek Peak Ski Rentals | Ski & Snowboard Gear - Greek Peak Mountain Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:31:35.186Z

Skip To Main Content
Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Skip to content

Accessible Menu - Main
SHOP
PLAY
STAY
EAT
GATHER
HOURS
CONDITIONS
WEBCAMS
EVENTS
BLOG
Oct 3, 2026
60°F
EQUIPMENT RENTALS

Visit our Conditions Report page before visiting as hours of operation may change due to the weather.

Please purchase rentals before you arrive at Greek Peak from the website. If you have questions please call Rentals at 844-847-2856.

The Greek Peak Rental Shop offers the latest in skis and snowboards.

The Rental Shop is your one-stop-shop for everything needed to get out and enjoy the slopes – lift tickets, rentals & lessons! From beginner to high-performance, you’ve come to the right place!

Our rental gear was specifically designed to accelerate the learning process for beginner skiers and riders and to make everyone more comfortable. The “Rossignol Experience Program” offered, equips the skier or boarder with the latest in shaped ski and snowboard technology.

Our staff will assist you with the proper boot fitting, explanation, and sizing of the equipment, and answer any questions you may have. A well-trained staff maintains our gear for the best possible performance.

NOTE: Ski packages include skis, boots, helmet and poles. Snowboard packages include boards, boots and helmet.

Pick Your Package:
Sport (green) – beginner/occasional skier/entry level ski.
Performance (black) – experienced skier/high end ski (Rossignol, Volkl, Stokli) to take your ride to another level! (Limited Supply)

Rental Pricing
Rental Pricing 2025-2026
Equipment Rentals	Price
Ski/Snowboard Package	$65
Ski/Snowboard Package: 3-Day	$160
Ski/Snowboard Package: Full Season	$370.00
High Performance Package (on-site upgrade – ask a technician)	$85
High Performance Stokli Package (on-site upgrade – ask a technician)	$100
*All Pricing Subject to Change
Rental Shop FAQs
Do you have rental equipment in my size?
What is skier TYPE for rental equipment and why is it important?
How do I know if my boots fit correctly?
What is included in a rental package?
Are helmets required?
What should I wear?

We are a cashless resort and no longer accept cash payments. Please plan accordingly.

Contact Us: Email

General Information:
800-955-2754
SKI PATROL EMERGENCY:
844-972-8765

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

2000 NYS Rt. 392
Cortland, NY 13045
Adventure Center:
1856 NYS Rt. 392
Hope Lake Lodge & Waterpark:
2177 Clute Road

Quick Links
Employment
Lost & Found
Donation Requests
Preferred Partners
Refund/Cancellation Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Drone Policy
Accessibility Statement
Mission Statement

Copyright ©2026

Greek Peak Mountain Resort

Have a Question?
