URL: https://www.ikonpass.com/en/canadian-purchase-terms-and-conditions
TITLE: Canadian Purchase Terms & Conditions
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:50:16.483Z

Skip to main content
SHOP
DISCOVER
SUPPORT
EXISTING PASS HOLDER?
Log In to view usage history, access details and more.
IKON PASS

Most days and destinations, no blackouts

IKON BASE PASS

Limited blackout dates

IKON SESSION PASS

2, 3 or 4-day pass options

COMPARE IKON PASSES
LOCAL PASSES
AFFIRM PAYMENT PLAN
DESTINATION MAP

Where can you adventure

SUMMER IN THE MOUNTAINS

Unlock sun-drenched fun with your Ikon Pass

IKON PASS TRAVEL

Build a customized trip

COMMUNITY

The scoop on all things Ikon Pass

EXPLORE MORE
MOBILE APP
LIFTED BLOG
ROAD TRIPS
AMBASSADORS
ABOUT IKON PASS

Pass details and common questions

FRIENDS & FAMILY DISCOUNTS

How to share & redeem friends & family discounts

GETTING ON THE MOUNTAIN

How to access the slopes with your Ikon Pass

VIEW ALL FAQ
CONTACT US
25/26 PASS USAGE

Where you've skied this season

FRIENDS & FAMILY DISCOUNTS

Share discounted tickets with your crew

ORDER HISTORY

Past pass purchases

PROFILE

View and edit personal information

VIEW MY ACCOUNT
SHIPPING & PAYMENT
USD / EN
LOG IN
PURCHASE TERMS & CONDITIONS

DEFINITIONS

“Pass Frequency Products” means Ikon Sessions Pass, Deer Valley Locals 5 Pass, Solitude Ticket Pak, and the Steamboat Early Season 3 Pass that grant access to Resort(s).

“Pass Holder” means an individual who purchases or receives a Pass Product.

“Pass Product” or “Pass Products” means Ikon Pass, Ikon Base Plus Pass, Ikon Base Pass, Ikon Sessions Pass, Bear + Summit Anytime Pass, Bear + Summit Midweek Pass, BBMR Year Round Pass, BBMR Bike Park Pass, Crystal Local Pass, Crystal Local Hero Pass, Crystal Anytime Pass, Crystal Night Pass, Crystal Spring Pass, Deer Valley Season Pass, Deer Valley Lodging Owners Pass, Deer Valley Hospitality Pass, Deer Valley Adaptive Pass, Deer Valley Summer Season Pass, June Mountain Season Pass, Mammoth and BBMR Bike Park Pass, Mammoth Bike Park Pass, Snowshoe Unlimited Pass, Snowshoe Silver Creek Pass, Snowshoe Primo Add-On Pass, Solitude Mtn Bike Pass, Solitude Scenic Lift Pass, Steamboat Season Pass, Steamboat Scenic Gondola Pass, Steamboat Bike Park Pass, Stratton Summit Pass, Stratton Select Pass, Strattitude Pass, Sugarbush Premium Pass, Sugarbush Value Pass, Sugarbush Boomer Pass, Sugarbush Double Major College Pass, Sugarbush Mtn Bike Pass, Sugarbush Golf Add on, Winter Park Season Pass, Winter Park Midweek Pass, Winter Park Trestle Pass, Winter Park Adventure Pass, Winter Park Combo Pass, or any other season pass or Pass Frequency Products available for purchase on ikonpass.com except for season pass or pass frequency products sold at Blue Mountain and Tremblant which have separate purchase terms.

“Resort” or “Resorts” means the participating ski areas and resorts at which the Pass Product is valid and accepted including without limitation Alpine Meadows, Alta Ski Area, Arai Mountain Resort, Arapahoe Basin Ski Area, Aspen Highlands, Aspen Mountain, Banff Sunshine, Banff Ski School Limited dba SkiBig3, Bear Mountain, Big Sky Resort, Blue Mountain (ON), Blue Mountain (PA), Boyne Highlands, Boyne Mountain, Brighton Resort, Buttermilk, CMH Heli-Skiing and Summer Adventures, Camelback, Chamonix Mont Blanc, Copper Mountain, Coronet Peak, Crystal Mountain, Cypress Mountain, Deer Valley Resort, Dolomiti Superski, Eldora Mountain Resort, Grandvalira Resorts, Jackson Hole Mountain Resort, June Mountain, Killington-Pico, Kitzbűhel, Lake Louise Ski Resort, Loon Mountain, Mammoth Mountain, Mt. Bachelor, Mt Buller, Mt Hutt, Mt. Norquay, Niseko United, Palisades Tahoe, Panorama, Red Mountain, Revelstoke Mountain Resort, Snow Valley, Schweitzer, Snow Summit, Snowbasin Resort, Snowbird, Snowmass, Snowshoe, Solitude Mountain Resort, Steamboat, Stratton, Sugarbush Resort, Sugarloaf, Sun Peaks, Sun Valley, Sunday River, Taos, The Remarkables, The Summit at Snoqualmie, Thredbo, Tremblant, Valle Nevado, Windham Mountain, Winter Park Resort, Zermatt Matterhorn, any other ski area and resort that may be accessed by use of or in connection with the Pass Product, Alterra Mountain Company, IKON Pass, Inc., and each of their respective owners, landlords, operators, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, members, representatives, employees, volunteers, agents, insurers.

Whenever “we”, “us”, or “our” are used in this Agreement it is intended to refer to the Resort(s) and whenever “you” or “your” is used in this Agreement, it is intended to refer to Pass Holder.

NON-REFUNDABLE / NON-TRANSFERABLE

All Pass Products are non-refundable and non-transferable. All sales of Pass Products are final.

ACCESS

Pass Products do not guarantee Pass Holder access to the Resort(s).

Use of a Pass Product is subject to the Resort(s) being open and having the capacity and ability to allow the Pass Holder access to the Resort(s). A Pass Holder’s use of the Pass Product may be restricted or denied as a result of events or occurrences that limit or prohibit the Resort(s) from its operation, in whole or in part, including but not limited to, capacity constraints, weather, weather-related events, travel advisories, road closures, public health advisories, or government orders.

The Resort(s) are not liable to Pass Holder for any failure or impairment that may prevent a Pass Holder’s ability to access the Resort(s) for any reason, including but not limited to, severe weather events, snow, ice, high-winds, blizzards, drought, and floods, and closed roads and mountain passes, unplowed road conditions, cancelled or delayed flights.

Purchase of a Pass Product does not guarantee, nor do we represent, that the pass season will be for a minimum or a maximum length of time or that Pass Holder will have the opportunity to use their Pass Product for a minimum or a maximum number of days during the season.

The Resort(s) may experience natural events, including but not limited to severe weather events, or mechanical problems with their equipment that prevent the Resort(s) from opening all or a portion of its skiable/rideable terrain. Closed terrain is not accessible to skiers or riders. Please respect closed terrain as it is closed for skier/rider safety and the safety of our employees. Failure to follow the mountain safety codes/policies of the Resort(s) or the instruction of Resort ski patrol or staff may result in Pass Holder’s partial or complete loss, forfeiture, or suspension of their Pass Product at all or some of the Resort(s).

The Resort(s) have limited parking available. We are not responsible for any inability to access the Resort(s) due to lack of parking. Please plan ahead and carpool whenever possible. Take note that the Resort(s) may charge a parking fee and/or require a parking reservation.

The Resort(s) have limited capacity and Resort(s) management reserves the right to limit (including through the use of a reservation system), refuse or deny entry to the Resort(s) or its facilities at its sole discretion for any reason, regardless of Pass Holder status.

DUPLICATE PASS PRODUCTS

Except for Pass Frequency Products, Pass Holder is prohibited from holding two or more Pass Products of the same type during a single season. We reserve the right to revoke any duplicate Pass Product that is issued to Pass Holder for a single season.!

TAXES & FEES

Any Ikon Pass, Ikon Base Plus, Ikon Base, or Ikon Session Pass Products are sold inclusive of all taxes and fees. Any resort specific Pass Products will be charged all applicable taxes and fees.

SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS

This Agreement governs the Pass Products generally. More specific and/or supplemental terms and conditions may apply to some Pass Products, including but not limited to, the Release of Liability, Waiver of Claims, Warning, Assumption of Risk, Indemnity, and Consent to Medical Treatment/Transport Agreement, Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, additional terms and conditions regarding deferral credits and Covid closure credits, or other waivers or releases of liability (individually and collectively, the “Primary Terms”). Any supplemental terms and conditions are in addition to this Agreement and, in the event of a conflict, the Primary Terms will prevail over this Agreement. If you do not agree to the applicable supplemental terms and conditions disclosed, you may not use the Pass Products.

AMENDMENTS

From time to time, we may need to make changes to the terms and conditions of this Agreement for several reasons, including to reflect changes in the Pass Products or the law.

You are responsible for periodically checking our websites to confirm any updates or amendments to this Agreement. Your continued use of the Pass Products will be deemed your acceptance and agreement to the updates or amendments made to this Agreement. If you do not agree to any updates or amendments made to this Agreement, then you should discontinue use of the Pass Products. Modifications of this Agreement, either oral or written, made by a customer service agent or other unauthorized personnel of a Resort are not permitted and are unenforceable.

SEVERABILITY

In the event any provision of this Agreement is determined to be illegal, unenforceable, or unlawful then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining provisions.

The provisions of this Agreement which by their nature shall survive the termination of this Agreement, include but are not limited to Supplemental Terms, Severability, Waiver, Choice of Forum and Consent to Personal Jurisdiction, and Choice of Law.

WAIVER

No waiver of any provision of this Agreement by us shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision, and our failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

CHOICE OF FORUM AND CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION

You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be filed, and that venue properly lies, only in the state or federal courts located in Denver, Colorado (for residents of the United States), or the courts seated in the province in which you reside (for residents of Canada), and you consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any action.

CHOICE OF LAW

You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be filed, and that venue properly lies, only in the state or federal courts located in Denver, Colorado (for residents of the United States), or the courts seated in the province in which you reside (for residents of Canada), and you consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any action.

Buy Your 26/27 Ikon Pass

Find your perfect pass and make the most of every mountain adventure.

BUY NOW
STAY IN THE KNOW

Keep up with the latest news, deals and pass perks.

SIGN ME UP

You may unsubscribe at any time.

Home
Canadian Purchase Terms & Conditions
Protect Our Winters
Ambassadors
Contact Us
Media Room
Group Sales
Global Travel Partners
College Clubs
Military Bases
Events
Bonus Mountain Program

© 2026 Ikon Pass, Inc.

Privacy PolicyTerms Of UseAccessibilityCommunity GuidelinesYour Privacy Choices

Your credit card issuer may charge additional transaction and/or conversion fees for purchases made in foreign currency.

*US: For a limited time, 0% APR plans are available for those who qualify. Regular rates are from 10–36% APR. For example, a $800 purchase might cost $72.21/mo over 12 months at 15% APR. Payment options through Affirm are subject to an eligibility check and are provided by these lending partners: affirm.com/lenders. Options depend on your purchase amount, and a down payment may be required. Affirm availability and eligibility may vary. Restrictions apply. See affirm.com/terms#use. For licenses and disclosures, see affirm.com/licenses.

*Canada: Rates from 0-31.99% APR (where available and subject to provincial regulatory limitations). 0% APR available on select passes for 3 and 6 months term length for eligible users thru October 26, 2026. For example, a $1,200 CAD purchase could be split into 6 monthly payments of $200 CAD at 0% APR for a total cost of borrowing of $0 CAD and a total repayment amount of $1,200 CAD. APR offered is based on creditworthiness and subject to an eligibility check. Not all customers will be eligible for 0% APR. Payment options may not be available in all provinces/territories. Payment option terms will be shown at checkout. See https://helpcenter.affirm.ca for more information.
