URL: https://www.sltrib.com/news/environment/2026/09/20/utah-ski-resort-2026-27-opening/
TITLE: Utah ski resort 2026-27 opening dates
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:22:49.046Z

___
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
Manage Preferences
Report Ad
DONATE
LOG IN
This is when Utah ski areas plan to open for the 2026-27 season
A super El Niño is coming. Resorts aren’t yet changing their plans.

(Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Will Johnson pops out of the pond in style in Peruvian Gulch as Snowbird closes the book on the 2024-25 ski season on Monday, May 26, 2025. Utah's resorts have begun announcing their opening dates for the 2026-27 season.

By  Julie Jag
 | Sep. 20, 2026, 6:00 a.m.
| Updated: 3:54 p.m.

Comment

Add as Preferred Source

Note to readers • This article and list will be updated throughout the season.

A super El Niño is in the air, quite literally, and it’s bringing with it what could optimistically be a winter to remember. Operators of Utah’s ski and snowboard resort seem to have taken little notice, though, at least when it comes to setting their opening dates for the 2026-27 season.

Sure, Brian Head Resort raised a few eyebrows when it announced it plans to open Nov. 6. But that’s not out of line with its opening-day predictions over the last few seasons. Last year, for example, it targeted Nov. 7. It didn’t open until Nov. 25, though, thanks to the warm autumn.

Report Ad

Might Utahns get those two weeks back this fall and see a resort open in October for the first time in 20 years? It’s unlikely, since the brunt of the moisture from the super El Niño isn’t expected to hit the state until January. However, it’s also not impossible. Only Mother Nature knows for sure.

(Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) The first skiers at Park City Mountain Resort go through the banner on Friday, Nov 22, 2024.

In the meantime, here are the estimated 2026-27 opening dates for all 16 Utah ski areas:

Get Open Lands newsletter. A weekly newsletter watching Utah's most valuable resource.
SIGN UP NOW

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Utah 2026-27 Ski Season Opening Dates (tentative)

Alta Ski Area: Nov. 20.

Brian Head Resort: Nov. 6.

Deer Valley Resort: Dec. 5.

Eagle Point: Closed for season due to damage from Cottonwood Fire

Park City Mountain: Nov. 20.

Powder Mountain: Dec. 11.

Snowbasin: Nov. 27.

Snowbird: Nov. 27.

Snowland Ski Area: Late December.

Solitude Mountain Resort: Nov. 20.

Sundance Resort: Early December.

TBD: Beaver Mountain, Brighton, Cherry Peak, Nordic Valley, Woodward Park City.

Support free news for Utah

sltrib.com is now free to access — no subscription required. We made this decision because we believe access to trustworthy, independent news shouldn’t depend on what you can afford — especially as misinformation and AI-generated content continue to rise.

Free to read doesn’t mean free to produce. Our reporters show up every day to ask hard questions and hold powerful institutions to account. That work takes resources. As a nonprofit newsroom, we rely on support from people who believe it matters. Make a donation today to fund local news that serves Utah communities.

You can help us bring more local news to more communities today.

$15
$25
$35
DONATE TODAY
RELATED STORIES
Utah skiing is too expensive. Is a state-funded resort the answer?
Will Utah’s hot, dry year dull its fall colors?
Park City Mountain is rebranding for the third time since Vail Resorts purchased it — this time with a famous face to help
Park City Mountain announces opening date for 2026-27 ski season
Utah could be in for a whale of a ski season. There’s just one problem.
Report Ad
MOST VIEWED
1
Latest from Saturday’s LDS General Conference: Speakers tackle gambling, fasting and life’s trials
2
Commentary: A Catholic saint graces a lovely little corner of Brigham Young’s town
3
Ken Sleight, Utah environmentalist who inspired a main character in ‘The Monkey Wrench Gang,’ dies at 97
4
LDS leader D. Todd Christofferson decries all forms of gambling, urges members to stop betting
5
Jana Riess: Shields up! Evasive maneuvers! How the LDS Church responds to perceived criticism.
Sponsored Story
Salt Lake Acting Company’s 2026/2027 season: 55 years of keeping Salt Lake interesting

Sponsored: Engaging and enriching community through brave, contemporary theatre through World and Utah Premiere productions

Report Ad
Julie Jag
Outdoors Reporter

Julie left the beach of Santa Cruz, Calif., where she worked for 17 years, for the mountains of Salt Lake City in 2019. She has covered the NBA Finals, the Super Bowl, the World Series, the Maverick's big wave surf contest and two Olympics. A Colorado native, she enjoys creating her own adventure, occasionally with her husband and two kids in tow.

CONNECT
 
Facebook
 
X
 
Instagram
 
YouTube
 
RSS
 
 
MEMBERSHIP
Get a Print Edition
Donate
Email Newsletters
Login to your Print Account
Login to your Digital Account
Supporter FAQs
Print & Account FAQ
Help and Contact Info
ABOUT US
History and Mission
Our Nonprofit Model
Board and Advisers
Officers and Staff
Supporters
Tax Filing and Governance
Share Your Opinion
Meet the Editorial Board
Privacy Policy
California Privacy
Editorial Policies and Ethics
MORE
Advertise with Us
Legal Notices
Jobs listings
Store
Archives
Story Tips
Support The Tribune
Join The First Amendment Society
Gift Acceptance Policy
Cookie Preferences
Commenting Policy

Report a missed paper by emailing support@sltrib.com or calling 801-237-2900

For e-edition questions or comments, contact customer support 801-237-2900 or email support@sltrib.com

sltrib.com © 1996-2026 The Salt Lake Tribune. All rights reserved.
