URL: https://www.alta.com/tickets-and-passes/season-pass-alternatives
TITLE: Season Pass Alternatives
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:22:55.883Z

SKI
STAY
SHOP
SUMMER
Summer Road: Open
SEASON PASS
ALTERNATIVES

From new skiers to longtime season passholders looking to share Alta with family and friends, we offer a variety of season pass alternatives—or supplemental passes—for anyone who calls Alta home.

FIND A SEASON PASS THAT WORKS FOR YOU.

Alta is for skiers. All types of skiers. Though some skiers may aspire to rack up 50 or even 100 days on the slopes each winter, that’s not feasible for many folks due to scheduling, budget or geographical constraints. Fortunately, there are several ways to enjoy the mountain at an entry point lower than the cost of a full Alta Season Pass or Alta Family Package. These passes are great for skiers who call Alta home and plan to visit Alta anywhere between four and 14 days each season.

These passes are a great option for those who want to save money during popular holiday periods or powderhounds looking to catch the deepest powder days of the season. The offerings below are great for new skiers looking to hone their skills, as well as for those with busy careers, families, or those who live beyond Utah but still plan to create some special memories at Alta next season. Our transferable passes are ideal for season passholders looking to share a great day at Alta with family and friends.

We hope to see you on the slopes of Alta Ski Area next winter.

ALTA GOLD CARD | $149 + 50% OFF
Great for skiers who ski 4–14 days and want to pick and choose their days
A great supplemental pass for Ikon Passholders who plan to ski more than 7 days
With free skiing from the Sunnyside lift after 3pm every day of the season, the Alta Gold Card is a great starter pass for new or lapsed skiers

The Alta Gold Card has the lowest barrier to entry in the season-pass game. The Gold Card is $149 and provides 50% off daily lift ticket rates. All-Day lift tickets are half price. Afternoon or Late Afternoon lift tickets are too. Same with Beginner Area lift tickets. Oh, and the Alta Gold Card provides free skiing on the Sunnyside lift from 3–4:30pm every day of the season.

The Alta Gold Card is a great alternative season pass for new or lapsed skiers. Start your season practicing the fundamentals on the Sunnyside lift from 3–4:30pm before progressing to skiing Sunnyside's intermediate—or expert—runs. As you build up your ski legs and ski longer days from the Sunnyside lift, the Gold Card provides half off a Beginner Area lift ticket. As you move beyond Sunnyside to other lifts, your Gold Card provides 50% off Late-Afternoon, Afternoon and All-Day lift tickets.

Linked to a credit card, the Gold Card is direct-to-lift and will charge your card based on where and when you ski—ultimate flexibility and half-off skiing. The Alta Gold Card can be used to pay at any Alta-owned restaurants and Alta Ski Shop locations and passholders receive a code for two free active parking reservations, subject to availability. Just make sure to ride any of Alta’s five main lifts to avoid a $25 charge.

Buy Your Alta Gold Card

10-DAY CARD | $959 + TRANSFERABLE
Ideal for skiers planning to ski 8–10 days
A great pass for Ikon Passholders looking to ski more than 7 days in Little Cottonwood Canyon
A transferable 10-day punch card for family and friends—one use per day
10-Day Cards expire at the end of the season and do not roll over

Enjoy Alta Ski Area for less than $96 per day. The 10-Day Card is a transferable ski punch card, limited to one use per day. Lots of Alta Season Passholders purchase an additional 10-Day Card to take family and friends skiing.

The 10-Day Card is “use it or lose it”. To keep costs low, unused days do not roll over into the next season. The 10-Day Card can be purchased or reloaded through February 1st and passholders receive a parking code that can be used to book two active, free parking reservations—based on availability and limited to 10 free parking reservations for the season.

Buy a 10-Day Card

POWDER CARD | $1,099 + TRANSFERABLE + ROLLOVER CREDIT
Ideal for skiers looking to ski 8–10 days, but want a little rollover insurance
A great pass for Ikon Passholders looking to ski more than 7 days in Little Cottonwood Canyon
A transferable 10-day punch card for family and friends—one use per day

Similar to the 10-Day Card, but with rollover credits. The Powder Card is a transferable, limited to one use per day, punch card for Alta Ski Area. Unused days on the Powder Card will receive a rollover credit to be used toward an Alta Season Pass or Powder Card the following season.

The Powder Card is a great season pass option for someone who wants the flexibility of picking and choosing up to 10 days of skiing, but with a little rollover insurance for life's unexpectancies. Powder Card passholders receive a parking code that can be used to book two active, free parking reservations—based on availability and limited to 10 free parking reservations for the season.

Buy an Alta Powder Card

SUNNYSIDE AT 3 SEASON PASS | $99 + DAILY SKIING ON SUNNYSIDE LIFT FROM 3–4:30PM
A great introductory pass for new skiers—commit to learning to ski this season
Great for lapsed skiers looking to ease back into the sport via afternoon laps on Sunnyside lift
A season pass option for families teaching their little ones to ski

New skiers and those returning to the sport after a little hiatus can commit to an Alta Season Pass for just $99. The Sunnyside At 3 Season Pass provides skiing from the Sunnyside lift from 3–4:30pm every day of the season.

The Sunnyside At 3 Season Pass will go on sale on June 11th. At the same price through June 10th, the Alta Gold Card is a better option at the moment.

The Alta Gold Card provides the same Sunnyside At 3 access, plus the ability to make free parking reservations and ski additional lifts and times at 50% of ticket window pricing.

NEW FOR THE 2026–27 SEASON

Wasatch Benefit Now Includes Snowbasin

Explore the Wasatch with your Alta Season Pass. Qualifying Alta Season Passes receive one day of skiing, Monday–Thursday, at Snowbird, Brighton and Snowbasin.

Learn more about Season Pass Benefits >

Kids Pass Price Drop

We lowered our spring pricing for several of our Kids Season Passes compared to last season. Introduce the next generation of skiers to Alta.

Kids Season Passes >

Parking Benefits

Based on feedback from our skiers, we are implementing changes to our parking reservation system by capping the number of active paid reservations per account and increasing enforcement of no-shows.

A maximum of four (4) active—free and paid—reservations per account at any time
Missed a parking reservation? The first no-show is a warning. After that, a $100 fee applies for each no-show

Parking Reservations and Information >

JOIN OUR POWDER FAMILY

Subscribe to our email newsletters.

Email Address
SKI
Ticket Info
Ski School
Lift and Terrain Status
Winter Activities
Maps
Mountain Policy Statements
Safety and Awareness Tips
STAY
Plan Your Trip
Lodging
Food and Drink
Retail
Additional Services
About Alta
Alta Community
Environmental Center
CONDITIONS
Current
Forecast
Road
Snow History
CULTURE
Events
Jobs
Stories
Photo of the Day
Media Resources
HOURS

Lifts Closed for the Season

Office Monday–Thursday | 8am–4:30pm

Contact Us
Gear Store
In partnership with

©2026 Alta Ski Area. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy
