URL: https://www.alta.com/ski-school/group-lessons/beginner
TITLE: Beginner Group Lessons
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:23:18.955Z

SKI
STAY
SHOP
SUMMER
Summer Road: Open
ADULT
BEGINNER & NOVICE
CLASS LESSONS

Have fun learning the skills to ski beginner slopes. Adult Class Lessons are available daily from 1:30–4pm.

CONTROL AND CONFIDENCE.

Please arrive on the snow at the Albion base area at 1:15pm to meet your instructor and friends joining you for the lesson. Reservations are suggested but not required. Drop-in lesson participants are welcome based on lesson capacity.

PRICE

Single Lesson: $170

Reserve Now

Book of Three Lessons: $399

Book of Three lesson reservations, please call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271.

CHOOSE YOUR SKILL LEVEL
SKILL CLASS 1

Have fun learning how to glide, change directions and use surface tows and conveyor lifts.

Lift and conveyor use is complimentary during Skill Class 1.

The average adult participates in one or two Skill Class 1 sessions before moving on to Skill Class 2.

SKILL CLASS 2

Develop your control and confidence with turns for speed control and maneuverability.

Ride a chairlift! Lift use is complimentary during Skill Class 2.

The average adult participates in one or two Skill Class 2 sessions before moving on to Skill Class 3.

SKILL CLASS 3

Take your turning skills up the mountain to access the beginner runs in the beautiful Albion Basin. This phase of learning to ski can be incredibly exciting as you relax, experience the sensations of rhythm and move about much more freely on your skis. Careful, after Skill Class 3, you will identify yourself as an Alta skier!

Purchase or possession of a Beginner Area Lift Ticket is required for Skill Class 3.

The average adult participates in two or three Skill Class 3 sessions before moving on to Intermediate Skiing in Skill Zone 4.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Reservations are highly recommended—walk-in availability is subject to capacity and not guaranteed

The reservation deadline is 11:59pm the day prior to the lesson

Parking reservations are required Friday–Sunday and holiday periods from 8am–1pm | Reserve parking >

Ski equipment is not included | Rent from the Alta Ski Shop >

Canceling or rebooking your reservation is easy. Simply log in to your Shop.Alta.com account to make changes. Changes to a reservation date can only be made by canceling an existing reservation and rebooking. For help, please call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271.

Cancellation policy: cancellations completed prior to 11:59pm the day prior to the reserved lesson will receive a full refund.

PRIVATE LESSONS

Feel like you might be able to move along faster than most beginning skiers due to prior athletic experience? Or feel like you might want an easier-going personal approach? Beginner and Novice Private Lessons are catered and paced to your capabilities, physical fitness and confidence level.

Call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271 for more information about reserving a Private Lesson or Private Guided Tour.

Complete a Private Lesson Request Form >

ADULT MULTI-WEEK LEARN-TO-SKI PROGRAM

Brand new to skiing? Sign up for our Adult Learn-To-Ski Program—a discounted four-week program for adult first-time skiers on Sunday mornings.

Learn more >

ADULT CLASS LESSONS FAQS
Q. Are reservations required for Adult Group Lessons?
Q. How do I cancel or change a reservation?
Q. How do I purchase the Book of Three Lessons?
Q. Do I need a Parking Reservation if I have an Adult Group lesson reservation?
Q. What ages can join Adult Group Lessons?
Q. Are lift tickets included in ski lessons?
Q. Are ski rentals included?
Q. What clothing should I wear?
Q. What if it snows when I have Adult Group Lessons reserved?
Q. Where do we meet for our lesson?
Q. Can I join the Adult Group lessons if I am late?
Q. How long is the lesson?
Q. How many lessons does a beginner need?
JOIN OUR POWDER FAMILY

Subscribe to our email newsletters.

Email Address
SKI
Ticket Info
Ski School
Lift and Terrain Status
Winter Activities
Maps
Mountain Policy Statements
Safety and Awareness Tips
STAY
Plan Your Trip
Lodging
Food and Drink
Retail
Additional Services
About Alta
Alta Community
Environmental Center
CONDITIONS
Current
Forecast
Road
Snow History
CULTURE
Events
Jobs
Stories
Photo of the Day
Media Resources
HOURS

Lifts Closed for the Season

Office Monday–Thursday | 8am–4:30pm

Contact Us
Gear Store
In partnership with

©2026 Alta Ski Area. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy
