URL: https://www.alta.com/ski-school/group-lessons/intermediate
TITLE: Intermediate Group Lessons
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:23:22.090Z

SKI
STAY
SHOP
SUMMER
Summer Road: Open
ADULT
INTERMEDIATE
CLASS LESSONS

Practice your parallel skiing skills on appropriate terrain.

SMOOTH PARALLEL TURNS.

Please arrive at the Albion base area at 1:15pm to meet your instructor and new friends joining you for the lesson. Reservations are suggested but not required. Drop-in lesson participants are welcome based on lesson capacity.

PRICE

Single Lesson: $170

Reserve Now

Book of Three Lessons: $399

Book of Three lesson reservations, please call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271.

CHOOSE YOUR SKILL ZONE
SKILL ZONE 4

Skill Zone 4 Adult Class Lesson emphasis is on developing your parallel turning skills.

You will have the most success learning parallel skiing skills while skiing confidently on green slopes. Skiing steeper blue terrain at this level is based on weather, snow conditions, time available and group capability.

Please consider a Private Lesson if this is your skill level, but you are primarily interested in skiing blue terrain.

Purchase or possession of an Alta All-Area Lift Ticket is required in the instance you venture to the upper mountain lifts in your Skill Zone 4 class or are skilled enough to join the Skill Zone 5 class.

The average adult participates in two to four Skill Zone 4 lessons plus independent practice before moving into Skill Zone 5.

SKILL ZONE 5

Experience smoother turns and parallel turn connections while exploring Alta’s blue runs.

Purchase or possession of an Alta All-Area Lift Ticket is required for Skill Zone 5.

The average adult participates in a number of lessons and practice days in Skill Zone 5 before moving into skiing steeper groomed black runs and introductory skiing off of the groomed trails.

Please consider a Private Lesson if you are primarily interested in skiing black slopes or venturing off the groomed trails.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Reservations are highly recommended—walk-in availability is subject to capacity and not guaranteed

The reservation deadline is 11:59pm the day prior to the lesson

Parking reservations are required Friday–Sunday and holiday periods from 8am–1pm | Reserve parking >

Ski equipment is not included | Rent from the Alta Ski Shop >

Canceling or rebooking your reservation is easy. Simply log in to your Shop.Alta.com account to make changes. Changes to a reservation date can only be made by canceling an existing reservation and rebooking. For help, please call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271.

Cancellation policy: cancellations completed prior to 11:59pm the day prior to the reserved lesson will receive a full refund.

PRIVATE LESSONS

Private lessons focus on your specific skill and terrain goals at a pace tailored just for you. Just want to explore appropriate terrain and learn about Alta for yourself or with family and friends? Consider hiring a private guide for a tour and a pointer or two along the way.

Call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271 for more information about reserving a Private Lesson or Private Guided Tour or Complete a Private Lesson Request Form >

ADULT CLASS LESSONS FAQS
Q. Are reservations required for Adult Group Lessons?
Q. How do I cancel or change a reservation?
Q. How do I purchase the Book of Three Lessons?
Q. Do I need a Parking Reservation if I have an Adult Group lesson reservation?
Q. What ages can join Adult Group Lessons?
Q. Are lift tickets included in ski lessons?
Q. Are ski rentals included?
Q. What clothing should I wear?
Q. What if it snows when I have Adult Group Lessons reserved?
Q. Where do we meet for our lesson?
Q. Can I join the Adult Group lessons if I am late?
Q. How long is the lesson?
Q. How many lessons does a beginner need?
JOIN OUR POWDER FAMILY

Subscribe to our email newsletters.

Email Address
SKI
Ticket Info
Ski School
Lift and Terrain Status
Winter Activities
Maps
Mountain Policy Statements
Safety and Awareness Tips
STAY
Plan Your Trip
Lodging
Food and Drink
Retail
Additional Services
About Alta
Alta Community
Environmental Center
CONDITIONS
Current
Forecast
Road
Snow History
CULTURE
Events
Jobs
Stories
Photo of the Day
Media Resources
HOURS

Lifts Closed for the Season

Office Monday–Thursday | 8am–4:30pm

Contact Us
Gear Store
In partnership with

©2026 Alta Ski Area. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy
