URL: https://www.alta.com/ski-school/kids-lessons/beginner
TITLE: Kid's Beginner Ski Adventures
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:23:25.279Z

SKI
STAY
SHOP
SUMMER
Summer Road: Open
BEGINNER
SKI ADVENTURES

Beginner skiers working on wedge stops, consistent wedge turns and maintaining control on the easiest beginner slopes.

Reserve Now

CONVEYOR BELT ACCESSED GREEN TERRAIN | AGES 4–12

Alta’s kid-focused pros will develop a foundation of skills for your child to enjoy a lifetime of skiing while having great fun and making skiing friends.

ALL-DAY ADVENTURE | $270

Four hours of skiing

Lunch

Sign in and meet in the Ski Adventure Center in the Albion base area

Check-in between 8:30–9:30am

Pick-up at 3:15pm—delayed pick-up available upon request

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Reservations are highly recommended—walk-in availability is subject to capacity and not guaranteed

The reservation deadline is 11:59pm the day prior to the lesson

A lift ticket is not needed for students in this class

Parking reservations are required Friday–Sunday and Holidays from 8am–1pm | Reserve Parking >

Ski equipment is not included | Rent from the Alta Ski Shop >

For more information, please call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271. Further lessons are available in the Advanced-Beginner & Intermediate Ski Adventures >

Reserve Now

Canceling or rebooking your reservation is easy. Simply log in to your Shop.Alta.com account to make changes. Changes to a reservation date can only be made by canceling an existing reservation and rebooking. For help, please call the Alf Engen Ski School at 801.799.2271.

Cancellation policy: cancellations completed prior to 11:59pm the day prior to the reserved lesson will receive a full refund.

KIDS CLASS LESSONS FAQS
Q. How old does my child have to be to participate in group ski lessons?
Q. What are the ski school options for a child under 4 years old?
Q. Are reservations required for Kids Class Lessons?
Q. How do I cancel or change a reservation?
Q. What if the dates I want to reserve are unavailable?
Q. Do I need a parking reservation if I have a ski school lesson booked?
Q. Where do we meet for our child’s ski lesson?
Q. Are ski equipment rentals included?
Q. Are lift tickets included in ski lessons?
Q. Are helmets required in Kids Class Lessons and Camps?
Q. How long are the lessons?
Q. Can my child still join the lesson if they arrive late?
Q. Are meals included?
Q. What will my child eat for lunch?
Q. Are snacks included?
JOIN OUR POWDER FAMILY

Subscribe to our email newsletters.

Email Address
SKI
Ticket Info
Ski School
Lift and Terrain Status
Winter Activities
Maps
Mountain Policy Statements
Safety and Awareness Tips
STAY
Plan Your Trip
Lodging
Food and Drink
Retail
Additional Services
About Alta
Alta Community
Environmental Center
CONDITIONS
Current
Forecast
Road
Snow History
CULTURE
Events
Jobs
Stories
Photo of the Day
Media Resources
HOURS

Lifts Closed for the Season

Office Monday–Thursday | 8am–4:30pm

Contact Us
Gear Store
In partnership with

©2026 Alta Ski Area. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy
