URL: https://www.skistar.com/en/ski-destinations/are/winter-in-are/
TITLE: Åre – a ski trip/skiing holiday with world class skiing! - SkiStar
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:23:17.848Z

Consent
Details
About
BEFORE YOU START DREAMING AWAY
In order to give you a better and more personalised experience, we and our digital partners use cookies on this site. We do this to customise your user experience, perform analytics, and give you access to all the features of our website. We also use cookies to present personalised advertisements to you in newsletters, social media and on the internet. For this purpose, we collect information about users, browsing behaviour and devices. You can select the purposes for which we can use cookies by customising your settings and you can easily withdraw your consent on the cookie policy page. However, some cookies are technically necessary for the website to function. When you accept statistical and marketing cookies, some information may be transferred to countries outside the EU. Some of these countries do not meet EU requirements for handling personal data. For example, it may be difficult or impossible to enforce the right to erasure of any personal data. By accepting our use of statistical and marketing cookies, you agree that data may be transferred to countries outside the EU. More information about how we at SkiStar process your personal data can be found in our cookie policy
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Deny all
Allow selected
Allow all
Skip to main content
, Go to the homepage
Menu
Select destination
, current destination:
Åre
Search
Checkout
Log in
Select language
, current language: English
Lodging
SkiPass
Rental
Ski school
Activities
Where do you want to stay?:
Åre
Where do you want to stay?
Which ones:
Add guests
Which ones
Arrival day:
Select arrival day
Arrival day
Find lodging
Pause video
Åre
Winter
Summer
Webcams
Piste maps
Slopes and lifts
Winter
Lodging
Events
Activities
Food and drink
Travelling here
Services
Home
Destinations
Åre
Winter in Åre
Feel the city pulse of iconic Åre

Welcome to Åre – where mountains and skiing meet atmosphere. Here you’ll find 89 slopes and 47 lifts spread across three unique yet equally fantastic ski areas. A complete ski holiday in Åre awaits, with great skiing, dining and relaxation in stunning surroundings.

Our best offers for Åre
Celebrate an atmospheric Christmas in Åre

Christmas holiday package with accommodation and SkiPass.

From 346 EUR per person

Celebrate an atmospheric Christmas in Åre. From 346 EUR per person
Great-value ski holiday in January

January package including lodging and SkiPass.

From EUR 284/person

Great-value ski holiday in January. From EUR 284/person
Scandinavia’s most iconic mountain destination

Åre offers experiences for everyone from families with children to groups of friends. Memories are made here, where tradition meets modern comfort. Discover a vibrant winter destination that inspires new adventures every day.

Discover iconic Åre
Discover iconic Åre
New this winter: Your ski holiday gets even better
The 1000-metre lift is back – with greater snow reliability and more choice.
The village that never stands still

In Åre, the experiences never end. Here awaits a vibrant center with tasteful meetings, relaxed atmosphere and metropolitan pulse.

Discover the big city pulse in Åre
Discover the big city pulse in Åre
Winter adventures for all

In Åre, a world of winter activities awaits with entertainment, snow play, guided tours and much more.

Things to do in Åre
Things to do in Åre
Quick facts about Åre
47 lifts
91 slopes
>100 km cross country trails
890 vertical drop
420 cm annual snowfall
>60 restaurants
Ski rental
Ski school
Fun ride
Snow Park
Three different ski areas on the same SkiPass
List 3 items.
Skip list
Åre by
Åreskutan
Snow Park
Great Restaurants

Area with long and challenging runs. A large and trendy selection of shops, restaurants, and nightlife.

Åre by
Åre Björnen
Family Favourite
Valle Activities
Children’s Area

Ski area for kids and beginners with safe slopes, fun activities, and accommodation right by the pistes.

Åre Björnen
Duved Tegefjäll
Relaxed Atmosphere
Long, Wide Runs
Snow Park

Laid-back skiing in beautiful surroundings with slopes for big carving turns, a children’s area, and fewer lift queues.

Duved Tegefjäll
List 3 items.
Skip to the top of the list
News! Area Pass in Duved/Tegefjäll

Great-value SkiPass with access to Duved and Tegefjäll – 12 lifts, 19 varied slopes, and plenty of skiing enjoyment at a better price.

Read more
Read more
Discover more in Åre
List 5 items.
Skip list
Winter News in Åre

Winter 26/27 offers a lot of news through several investments. See it all here!

Winter News in Åre
How to travel to Åre?

Travel here by air, car or ferry. Easy access during the winter season, easyJet fly between London (Gatwick Airport) to (Åre (Åre Östersund Airport).

How to travel to Åre?
Restaurants and cafés in Åre

Åre is a real mecca for foodies with around fifty restaurants, nine of which are listed in the White Guide!

Restaurants and cafés in Åre
Gems in Åre

All of Åre’s ski areas are rich in hidden gems that not everyone knows of. Our destination experts have made a list of their top tips to make your ski holiday anything but ordinary.

Gems in Åre
Book care free all year round

Open purchase and free rebooking until 21 days before arrival with cancellation & rebooking cover.

Book care free all year round
List 5 items.
Skip to the top of the list
Sweden's best off-piste mountain 2023/24 and 2024/25
Our partners
Contact us
Customer service & Support
Press
Buy a vacation home
Rent out your vacation home
Career
Integrity & security
About SkiStar
Investors
SkiStar and sustainability
SkiStar Member
Meeting & Events
About your bookings
My page
General booking information
Payments
Snow guarantee
Cookie settings
Accessibility statement
Inspiration
Apps
Instagram
Facebook
Youtube
Travel inspiration
Valle the snowman
Sälen
Åre
Vemdalen
Trysil
Hemsedal
Hammarbybacken
Go to skistar.com
SkiStar AB, Fjällvägen 25, 780 91 Org. nr.: 556093-6949
