URL: https://www.skistar.com/en/hammarbybacken/plan/tickets-and-prices/
TITLE: Tickets and prices
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:23:45.048Z

Consent
Details
About
BEFORE YOU START DREAMING AWAY
In order to give you a better and more personalised experience, we and our digital partners use cookies on this site. We do this to customise your user experience, perform analytics, and give you access to all the features of our website. We also use cookies to present personalised advertisements to you in newsletters, social media and on the internet. For this purpose, we collect information about users, browsing behaviour and devices. You can select the purposes for which we can use cookies by customising your settings and you can easily withdraw your consent on the cookie policy page. However, some cookies are technically necessary for the website to function. When you accept statistical and marketing cookies, some information may be transferred to countries outside the EU. Some of these countries do not meet EU requirements for handling personal data. For example, it may be difficult or impossible to enforce the right to erasure of any personal data. By accepting our use of statistical and marketing cookies, you agree that data may be transferred to countries outside the EU. More information about how we at SkiStar process your personal data can be found in our cookie policy
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Deny all
Allow selected
Allow all
Skip to main content
, Go to the homepage
Menu
Search
Checkout
Log in
Select language
, current language: English
Home
Plan
Tickets and prices
Tickets and prices

Choose from single rides, clipper cards and many other variations depending on the attraction. Booking is required for all attractions, so to guarantee a spot, we recommend that you pre-book your ticket. Please note that you also have to book a time-slot for the Climbing park.

HammarbybackenPasset

One pass – loads of activities. Make the most of your day.

See what’s included

HammarbybackenPasset. See what’s included
Book this summer’s activities

From 33 EUR/person

Climbing park
From 33 EUR/person - Climbing park

From 9,5 EUR/person

Mountain Coaster
From 9,5 EUR/person - Mountain Coaster

From 9 EUR/person

Mountain Tube
From 9 EUR/person - Mountain Tube

From 26,5 EUR/person

SummerSki
From 26,5 EUR/person - SummerSki
Tips for more activities around Hammarbybacken
List 4 items.
Skip list
Valle

Valle, the snowman, can be found at all our destinations and is the children's best friend in the mountains. In Hammarbybacken you can meet Valle and solve clever tasks along the Valle path before finishing at the top with Djurens gym.

Valle
Cycling at Hammarbybacken

There are several bike trails in close proximity to Hammarbybacken.

Cycling at Hammarbybacken
Running at Hammarbybacken

Around Hammarbybacken there are fantastic facilities for runners!

Running at Hammarbybacken
Kayak and paddling

Hammarbybacken offers kayak rental, SUP (stand up paddle board), as well as paddle tours in central Stockholm, Mälaren and in Stockholm's archipelago.

Kayak and paddling
Next
List 4 items.
Skip to the top of the list
Contact us
Customer service
Press
Terms & conditions
Booking terms
My page
Privacy policy
About Hammarbybacken
The history of Hammarbybacken
Sustainability
More about SkiStar
Book a trip
Group and conference
skistarshop.com
SkiStar Corporate
Go to skistar.com
SkiStar AB, Hammarby Fabriksväg 111, 120 66 Stockholm
