URL: https://www.skistar.com/en/ski-destinations/trysil/winter-in-trysil/weather-and-slopes/opening-hours-lifts/
TITLE: Winter opening hours in Trysil | Lifts and ski areas
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:23:58.848Z

Consent
Details
About
BEFORE YOU START DREAMING AWAY
In order to give you a better and more personalised experience, we and our digital partners use cookies on this site. We do this to customise your user experience, perform analytics, and give you access to all the features of our website. We also use cookies to present personalised advertisements to you in newsletters, social media and on the internet. For this purpose, we collect information about users, browsing behaviour and devices. You can select the purposes for which we can use cookies by customising your settings and you can easily withdraw your consent on the cookie policy page. However, some cookies are technically necessary for the website to function. When you accept statistical and marketing cookies, some information may be transferred to countries outside the EU. Some of these countries do not meet EU requirements for handling personal data. For example, it may be difficult or impossible to enforce the right to erasure of any personal data. By accepting our use of statistical and marketing cookies, you agree that data may be transferred to countries outside the EU. More information about how we at SkiStar process your personal data can be found in our cookie policy
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Deny all
Allow selected
Allow all
Skip to main content
, Go to the homepage
Menu
Select destination
, current destination:
Trysil
Search
Checkout
Log in
Select language
, current language: English
Lodging
SkiPass
Rental
Ski school
Activities
Where do you want to stay?:
Trysil
Where do you want to stay?
Which ones:
Add guests
Which ones
Arrival day:
Select arrival day
Arrival day
Find lodging
Trysil
Winter
Summer
Webcams
Piste maps
Slopes and lifts
Winter
Lodging
Events
Activities
Food and drink
Services
Travelling here
Home
Destinations
Trysil
Winter in Trysil
Lifts, slopes and weather
Lift opening times
Lift opening times

Here you will find the lift opening hours for the ski season.

In the SkiStar app you can see weather, open lifts and pistes.

 
Date season 2026/27
Ski area	Opens	Closes
Turistsenteret	4 December*	18 April
Høgegga	18 December	18 April
Skihytta	18 December	18 April
Høyfjellssenteret	12 December	18 April

*Opening in connection with Ski Test Weekend, earlier if snow conditions permit.

Subject to changes and typing errors.

Opening hours
Start of the season-12 February
13 February-18 April
Corduroy morning: 13 February-3 April
Evening skiing: 21 December-2 April
Snow guarantee

Our alpine snow guarantee gives you the opportunity to reorder or get your money back if we can't deliver the alpine ski product we promise. Read more about our alpine snow guarantee for a safer booking.

Tip. Turn on push notifications in the SkiStar app and you'll always get the latest news about weather changes and the opening and closing of all our lifts directly to your phone.

List 3 items.
Skip list
Piste maps for Trysil

In Trysil the highest ski altitude is 1.100m, longest piste is 5.400 m and the vertical drop is 685 ...

Piste maps for Trysil
Lift opening hours

This is the place to find out all about open lifts and pistes, the weather in the mountains, webcams ...

Lift opening hours
Events and Experiences for Friends and Family in Trysil

Trysil offers a vibrant winter calendar – both on and off the slopes. Check out what’s on and don’t ...

Events and Experiences for Friends and Family in Trysil
List 3 items.
Skip to the top of the list
SkiStar Member

The mountains' active member's club - take advantage of exclusive member offers and discounts, promotions and more.

Become a member
Become a member
SkiStar All Year – from EUR 85 per month

Discover over 350 ski slopes, 50 cross-country tracks, summer skiing, 100 bike paths and a wide range of fun activities all year round.

Read more about SkiStar All Year
Read more about SkiStar All Year
Contact us
Customer service & Support
Press
Buy a vacation home
Rent out your vacation home
Career
Integrity & security
About SkiStar
Investors
SkiStar and sustainability
SkiStar Member
Meeting & Events
About your bookings
My page
General booking information
Payments
Snow guarantee
Cookie settings
Accessibility statement
Inspiration
Apps
Instagram
Facebook
Youtube
Travel inspiration
Valle the snowman
Sälen
Åre
Vemdalen
Trysil
Hemsedal
Hammarbybacken
Go to skistar.com
SkiStar AB, Fjällvägen 25, 780 91 Org. nr.: 556093-6949
