URL: https://www.skistar.com/en/hammarbybacken/plan/opening-hours/
TITLE: Opening hours at Hammarbybacken – summer and winter
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:24:01.387Z

Consent
Details
About
BEFORE YOU START DREAMING AWAY
In order to give you a better and more personalised experience, we and our digital partners use cookies on this site. We do this to customise your user experience, perform analytics, and give you access to all the features of our website. We also use cookies to present personalised advertisements to you in newsletters, social media and on the internet. For this purpose, we collect information about users, browsing behaviour and devices. You can select the purposes for which we can use cookies by customising your settings and you can easily withdraw your consent on the cookie policy page. However, some cookies are technically necessary for the website to function. When you accept statistical and marketing cookies, some information may be transferred to countries outside the EU. Some of these countries do not meet EU requirements for handling personal data. For example, it may be difficult or impossible to enforce the right to erasure of any personal data. By accepting our use of statistical and marketing cookies, you agree that data may be transferred to countries outside the EU. More information about how we at SkiStar process your personal data can be found in our cookie policy
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Deny all
Allow selected
Allow all
Skip to main content
, Go to the homepage
Menu
Search
Checkout
Log in
Select language
, current language: English
Home
Plan
Opening hours
Hammarbybacken opening hours

Opening hours for Hammarbybacken during the winter and summer seasons are published here.

Summer opening hours
Climbing Park
Date	Day	Time
29 August-27 September	Sat-Sun	11.00–16.00
29-31 October	Thu-Sat	11.00–15.00

See available climbing time slots during booking.

Book climbing park
SummerSki
Date	Day	Time
29 August-27 September	Sat-Sun	13.00–15.00

Subject to change

Book SummerSkiPass
SummerSkiPass incl. ski rental
Mountain Tube and Mountain Coaster
Date	Day	Time
29 August-27 September	Sat-Sun	11.00–16.00

Subject to change.

Book Mountain Coaster
Book Mountain Tube
Groups, companies and schools

Groups, companies and schools are welcome to visit Hammarbybacken outside regular opening hours.

Find more information about groups at Hammarbybacken, or email us at group@skistar.com.

SkiStarshop Hammarbybacken

SkiStarshop hittar du vid foten av Hammarbybacken.

Hammarbybacken
(Opens in new window)
Opening hours:
Today: Closed
Rental
SkiPass
Sportshop
Contact us
Customer service
Press
Terms & conditions
Booking terms
My page
Privacy policy
About Hammarbybacken
The history of Hammarbybacken
Sustainability
More about SkiStar
Book a trip
Group and conference
skistarshop.com
SkiStar Corporate
Go to skistar.com
SkiStar AB, Hammarby Fabriksväg 111, 120 66 Stockholm
