URL: https://www.brightonresort.com/rentals
TITLE: Rentals | Mountain Gear for Skiing & Riding | Brighton Resort
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:24:47.814Z

We use cookies and analytics tools to share your browsing activity—like pages and products viewed—with our service providers and advertising networks. By using our website, you agree to this. We also share this information to improve our site, promote it to you, and enable social media sharing.
Privacy Policy
Accept All Cookies
Reject All But Strictly Necessary Cookies
Manage Cookie Settings
Skip to main content
Brighton Resort
Ski & Ride
Things To Do
Plan & Discover
Host An Event
Open conditions trails menu

75°F

The Rental Shop
SHOP NOW
Home
Rentals
YOUR RIDE STARTS HERE
THE RENTAL SHOP

From lift-served biking to a round of disc golf, Brighton’s rental shop has the gear you need for a day on the mountain. Stop by the Brighton Center, get set up, and get outside.

SHOP NOW
Hours of Operation
Hours
Monday - Thursday
Closed
Friday
11:30 AM - 8 PM
Saturday - Sunday
9:30 AM - 5 PM
GET EQUIPPED
Slide 1 of 1
Skip carousel
Mountain Bike Rentals

Our mountain bike rentals make it easy to get out there and experience the thrill of the mountains. With beginner-friendly trails and bikes built for comfort and control, your first taste of mountain biking will leave you wanting more.

Starting At
$69
SHOP NOW
MOUNTAIN BIKE TRAILS
What's Included

Full-suspension downhill mountain bike

Helmet

Knee pads

Elbow pads

Disc Golf Rental Package

Spend the day exploring Brighton's mountain courses with everything you need for a round of disc golf. Whether you're playing for the first time or sharpening your skills, it's an easy way to enjoy the Wasatch.

Starting At
$23
SHOP NOW
VIEW COURSE MAPS
What's Included

Driver disc

Mid-range disc

Putter disc

Carrying bag

Slide 1 of 1
Slide 1 of 1
01 / 03
RENTAL DETAILS
BEFORE YOU GO

Everything you need for a day on the mountain:

Full suspension mountain bike rentals
Disc golf packages with a driver, mid-range disc, putter, and bag
Helmets available for bike rentals
Youth and adult mountain bike sizing
Waivers required for mountain bike rentals
Arrive early on weekends for best availability
DOWNHILL BIKE RENTALS

No bike, no problem. Downhill bike rentals are available.

Bike Size	Recommended Rider Height
Kids 20"	4'0" - 4'5"
Kids 24"	4'6" - 5'0"
Kids 26"	4'10" - 5'3"
Small	5'2" - 5'6"
Medium	5'5" - 5'10"
Large	5'9" - 6'2"
X-Large	6'2"+
ON SALE NOW
WINTER RENTALS
Slide 1 of 2
Skip carousel
FOR CHILD, GROM & ADULT
Standard and Performance Rentals

Ski and snowboard rentals for first-timers, advanced riders and everyone in between. Rental package or ski/snowboard only rental options available at checkout.

Adult Starting At
$60
SHOP NOW
FOR AGES 13+
Demo Rentals

Discover a wide selection of skis and snowboards from leading brands for you to try whether you're in the market to buy new equipment or seeking out something specific during your day on the slopes.

Coming Fall 2026
XS - XXL
Outerwear Rentals

Rent Helly Hansen jacket, pants or a combo package – everything you need to keep you comfortable on the slopes.

Coming Fall 2026
Slide 1 of 2
Slide 1 of 2
2026/27 ON SALE NOW!
WINTER LOCKER RENTALS
$299

Keep your gear close all season with convenient lockers just steps from Great Western, Majestic, and Crest. Perfect for stashing essentials like backups for your backup goggles.

RESERVE NOW
WINTER POLICIES & MORE
Open all
SHOP POLICIES
Besides shoes, there will be NO STORAGE of personal items in the shop. If you are planning on heading directly to the hill after getting your rentals, please come wearing all your gear. If you are in need of additional storage, daily and seasonal locker rentals are available. 
To allow for a more precise boot fitting and to help prevent any potential need to switch out boots during the day, please only come with one good pair of ski socks. You do not need to layer socks and will be asked to remove any extra pairs.
A-la-carte ski boot rentals are available, however, to ensure a proper fit between your boots and skis, we cannot guarantee that we can fit personal bindings to our boots. Bindings must be compliant with manufactures indemnification requirements. Safety testing of the binding with the rental boot may be necessary. 
Multi-day rates are available.
Group rates start at 25 people. Please call for details.
Day before rental pickups are available. Monday - Saturday pick ups are at 7p / Sundays at 3:30p. 
SKI RENTAL DETAILS

Standard Ski Package: The standard package is better suited for entry-level to intermediate skiers. We use the Head BYS system for comfort and convenience.

High Performance Ski Package: The HP package is suited for intermediate to advanced skiers. We carry the Head LYT Tech Series: Pure Joy, Shape V4 and V5, Head Kore X Series: X80, X85, X90, paired with the Head Next Edge 80 Boot. 

Demo Ski: This is our top-of-the-line ski option. Skis consist of manufactures such as Head, Rossignol, Atomic and Salomon. Models include a variety of all-mountain to park to powder options. Please note that demo skis do not include package options—please bring your own boots or rent some from our shop.

SNOWBOARD RENTAL DETAILS

Standard Snowboard Package: The standard package is better suited for beginner to intermediate riders. We carry the Burton LTR (Learn to Ride) and Progression lines.

High Performance Snowboard Package: The performance package is ideal for an intermediate rider and consists of Burton boots paired with Arbor boards.

Demo Snowboard: This is our top-of-the-line board option. To demo a board for the day you will need your own boots, or you’ll need to rent boots. We carry a variety of Salomon, Nitro, Capita, Libtech and Burton snowboards with Flux and Union bindings. Please note that demo snowboards do not include package options—please bring your own boots or rent some from our shop. 

SKIER TYPE & ABILITY

DETERMINING YOUR SKIER TYPE IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY

Your Skier Type, height, weight, age, and boot sole length are used by the shop technician to determine the release/retention settings for your bindings. Consult these descriptions to select your classification. Be sure to provide accurate information. Errors may increase your risk of injury.

If from experience, you have been dissatisfied with the release/retention settings that result from your skier classification, mention this to your binding technician.

TYPE 1: Cautious skiing on smooth slopes of gentle to moderate pitch

Skiers who designate themselves as Type I receive lower than average release/retention settings. This corresponds to an increased risk of inadvertent binding release in order to gain releasability in a fall. This type also applies to entry-level skiers uncertain of their classification.

TYPE 2: Skiers not classified as Type I or III

Skiers who designate themselves as Type II receive average release/retention settings appropriate for most recreational skiing.

TYPE 3: Fast skiing on slopes of moderate to steep pitch 

Skiers who designate themselves as Type III receive higher than average release/ retention settings. This corresponds to decreased release-ability in a fall in order to gain a decreased risk of inadvertent binding release. (This classification is not recommended for skiers under 48lbs.)
Quick Links
My Account
Online Store
Brighton Resort App
Employment
Skier Responsibility Code
Donation Requests
Help
Help Center
Snow Conditions
Parking & Road Info
Contact Us
Lost & Found
Easy Change
Season Pass Rollover
Resort
About
Partners
Safety
Hours
Press Center
Boyne Forever Foundation
News & Updates

Get news, deals, updates and more.

Sign Up for Email
Sign Up for Texts
866.628.0410

8302 South Brighton Loop Road
Brighton, Utah 84121-9740

Facebook
Instagram
X
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell or Share
© Brighton 2026
