URL: https://www.kitzski.at/en/tickets-vouchers/ski-passes-for-kitzbuehel-kirchberg-mittersill.html
TITLE: Ski passes for Kitzbühel Kirchberg | Mittersill
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:34:07.927Z

Skip to main content
SUMMER
WINTER
PRICES
LIVE
SERVICE
Shop
Tickets
EN
Kitzbühel ski passes
Kirchberg | Mittersill

A breathtaking day of skiing

"The first on the mountain!" With this claim, we are cementing our place as the leading innovator in terms of modernity, comfort, efficiency and mountain experience. We have been responsible for the very latest in skiing fun in the Kitzbühel | Kirchberg | Mittersill ski region for over 75 years. This pioneering work, often involving sensational innovations from around the world, is first and foremost for your safety, comfort and ultimate skiing experience.

We have the perfect piste for every winter sports enthusiast!

The Kitzbühel | Kirchberg in Tirol | Mittersill ski region looks forward to pairing all ski and snowboard lovers with the right piste. Regardless of your age and whether you’re a beginner, expert or professional – we have the right one for you. We make skiing fun for the whole family. Of course, we also offer the right ski ticket for everyone – always at attractive prices. Choose from our most popular ticket offers.

Ski ticket
More
KitzSki hourly ticket
More
2-14 day ski pass
More
KitzSki option ski pass
More
Snow cat
Enjoy a comfortable ascent with the Bichlalm 2-seater chairlift before continuing from the top station with a "snow cat" (snow groomer with piggyback cabin for max. 15 persons)
More
KitzSkiWelt Tour
More
Coach groups
More
Smartphone ticket
Install the app and download your desired lift ticket. Once the app is activated, your smartphone becomes a 100% digital alternative to the conventional KeyCard.
More
KitzSki Specials
What makes the ski region Kitzbühel | Kirchberg so unique? Our ski resort is nestled between Kitzbüheler Horn and Hahnenkamm mountains.
More
Buy now
More information
Timetables & Operating times
Car park capacity

SKIRESORT.DE

5-STAR SKI RESORT

KITZBÜHEL | KIRCHBERG | MITTERSILL

Stay up to date and benefit from our offers

EMAIL *
Sign u

BERGBAHN AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT KITZBÜHEL

Hahnenkammstraße 1a
6370 Kitzbühel

E-MAIL
info@kitzski.at
INFO HOTLINE
+43 5356 6951
ALPINE EMERGENCY CALL
140

© Copyrights Bergbahn AG Kitzbühel

PRESS
KITZSKI.RACE
CONTACT
PARTNER
SHAREHOLDER
DATA PROTECTION
COOKIES
T&C'S
IMPRINT
WHISTLEBLOWING
DE
EN
We use cookies for your personalized browsing experience, to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic to our website. We also share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Our partners may combine this information with other data that you have provided to them or that they have collected as part of your use of the Services. (incl. US providers)
Only necessary cookies
Configure
Accept all
Responsible for data privacy
Bergbahn Aktiengesellschaft Kitzbühel
To the privacy policy
