URL: https://www.holidayvalley.com/lodging-rentals/
TITLE: Lodging Rentals
FETCHED: 2026-10-03T19:31:41.292Z

We value your privacy

We use cookies to remember your preferences and visits. See our Privacy Policy (section X) for details. Select “Accept All” or ‘x’ to allow all cookies. Choose “Customize” to manage which cookies are used. “Reject All” blocks all except strictly necessary cookies. Cookie Policy

CUSTOMIZE
REJECT ALL
ACCEPT ALL
The Resort 
Things To Do 
Plan your visit 
Tickets & Passes 
Webcams
0
Lodging Rentals
Filter By:
Location
Village
Town
Outside of Ellicottville
Ski-In/Ski-Out
Holiday Valley Road
Condos & Townhomes, Ski-In/Ski-Out
SnowPine Village Condominiums

Located at the base of the SnowPine Quad and overlooks the golf course. This complex features over 100 units offering one bedroom, one bedroom plus loft, two-bedroom, two bedrooms plus loft, and three-bedroom unique condominiums with full kitchens, fireplaces, and a patio or balcony. SnowPine Village Townhouses offer 3 bedrooms on 3-levels of living space. *The Tamarack Club and The Inn are separate entities from the Rental Management. The pools, hot tubs and fitness centers of those properties are exclusively for their respective registered guests.

RESERVE
Condos & Townhomes, Ski-In/Ski-Out
SnowPine Village Townhouses

SnowPine Village is nestled in a quiet mountainside setting at the base of the SnowPine chairlift overlooking the spectacular golf course and gives wonderful access to hiking and biking trails that are camouflaged among the slopes. Summer occupants have use of the SnowPine Village tennis courts. *The Tamarack Club and The Inn are separate entities from the Rental Management. The pools, hot tubs and fitness centers of those properties are exclusively for their respective registered guests.

RESERVE
Condos & Townhomes, Holiday Valley Road
Alpine Meadows

Alpine Meadows is conveniently located in a quiet setting at the base of Holiday Valley Road, directly across from the resort's Sunrise Chairlift, offering close access to the slopes and golf course, the summertime 3 pool complex, the spa, and the main lodge. Units feature three bedrooms, one or two full baths plus a half bath, and a sundeck. Individual homes may vary in furnishings and design. *The Tamarack Club and The Inn are separate entities from the Rental Management. The pools, hot tubs and fitness centers of those properties are exclusively for their respective registered guests.

RESERVE
Condos & Townhomes, Holiday Valley Road
Fox Ridge

Fox Ridge sits high above Holiday Valley on the north side of the ridge. Come here to relax and soak in the pristine views of the slopes and golf course. Enjoy easy access to the spa, Edna's at the Tamarack Club, the Main Lodge, and the summertime 3 pool complex. These townhomes feature two bedroom, three bedroom, and three bedrooms plus a loft, and two or three bathrooms, large living areas, and full kitchens. Please be advised that being built on a hill, 4 Wheel or All-Wheel Drive vehicles may be necessary to gain access to these townhomes during the winter. *The Tamarack Club and The Inn are separate entities from the Rental Management. The pools, hot tubs and fitness centers of those properties are exclusively for their respective registered guests.

RESERVE
Condos & Townhomes, Holiday Valley Road
Valley Village

Valley Village is nestled into hillside in the heart of the valley close to the Chute chairlift. Each condo features three bedrooms, a loft, plus one or two bathrooms. Some units feature a private hot tub during the ski season. Beautiful views year round right here at your front door! *The Tamarack Club and The Inn are separate entities from the Rental Management. The pools, hot tubs and fitness centers of those properties are exclusively for their respective registered guests.

RESERVE
Condos & Townhomes, Town
Wildflower

Wildflower is the favorite place for affordable lodging! A charming community located across the road from the resort, close to the slopes, golf course, and easy walking distance to the Holiday Valley Golf School. Unit sizes include studio, studio with loft, master loft, two bedrooms, and two bedroom plus loft with one or two baths. Community grills are available for your convenience during your stay. *The Tamarack Club and The Inn are separate entities from the Rental Management. The pools, hot tubs and fitness centers of those properties are exclusively for their respective registered guests.

RESERVE
Condos & Townhomes, Town
Seasonal and Long-Term Rentals

The best of both worlds...a home in Ellicottville for the season without the hassles of ownership! Rent through Holiday Valley Rental Management and receive discounts on lift tickets and Mountain coaster rides. Showings are by appointment.

VIEW OPTIONS
Condos & Townhomes, Holiday Valley Road
Thornbush Trail

Thornbush sits high above Holiday Valley on the north side of the ridge. Enjoy easy access to the spa, Edna's at the Tamarack Club, the Main Lodge, and the summertime 3 pool complex. These townhomes feature three bedrooms plus a lower level, three bathrooms, large living areas, and full kitchens. Please be advised that being built on a hill, 4 Wheel or All-Wheel Drive vehicles may be necessary to gain access to these townhomes during the winter. *The Tamarack Club and The Inn are separate entities from Rental Management. The pools, hot tubs and fitness centers of those properties are exclusively for their respective registered guests.

RESERVE
Contact Us
Employment
Press Releases
Donation Requests
Resort Safety and Policies
Sign Up For Our Newsletter

6557 HOLIDAY VALLEY ROAD

ROUTE 219, P.O. BOX 370

ELLICOTTVILLE, NY 14731-0370

INFO@HOLIDAYVALLEY.COM

PHONE:  716.699.2345

SNOW PHONE:  716.699.2644

© 2026 HOLIDAY VALLEY
TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY
 
